[[["Agenda", ["0005.html"]], ["Combining Service accounts and OAuth flow", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["In-vehicle application Best Practices", ["0002.html"]], ["Renaming of VSS Data lake", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Two day remote meetings", ["0001.html"]], ["WG agenda", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2020-04-21", ["0010.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2020-04-28", ["0017.html"]], ["[Minutes] Remote meetings 23-26 March", ["0003.html"]], ["Access Use Cases", ["0000.html"]], ["Agenda WG", ["0006.html"]], ["Graph project policy", ["0018.html", "0011.html"]], ["In-vehicle application Best Practices", ["0014.html"]], ["Two day remote meetings", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["User centric access control model", ["0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["WG Agenda.", ["0016.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["WG meeting", ["0004.html"]]], [["Agenda points for WG tomorrow", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Agenda WG", ["0039.html", "0021.html", "0001.html"]], ["Agenda WG meeting", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Bosch VAL slides", ["0038.html"]], ["Core Transport spec update", ["0003.html"]], ["Deck capturing the W3C RPC session.", ["0033.html"]], ["Deck for Gen2 RPC session.", ["0026.html"]], ["Draft Automotive and Transportation Business Group charter", ["0020.html"]], ["EV signals to be discussed at remote f2f", ["0025.html"]], ["Fwd: Remote meeting schedule and agenda update", ["0024.html"]], ["Gen2 access control model", ["0022.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Gen2 API proposals", ["0032.html"]], ["Gen2 server implementation demo", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0018.html"]], ["March F2F changed to remote meeting", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Proposal for RPC agenda.", ["0017.html"]], ["Remote meeting schedule and agenda update", ["0030.html", "0016.html"]], ["Request for a slot at remote f2f", ["0019.html"]], ["Slack for W3C Auto", ["0023.html"]], ["VSS Weekly Call", ["0042.html", "0037.html"]], ["W3C Gen2 Server Architecture Presentation", ["0031.html"]], ["Will not be able to join today.", ["0000.html"]]], [["[MInutes] Auto WG 2020-02-", ["0045.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2020-02-04", ["0004.html"]], ["[Moderator Action (size limit exceeded)] Hello again", ["0040.html"]], ["[VSS] Splitting tools into separate repository", ["0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Agenda", ["0076.html"]], ["Answers to chat comments", ["0059.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0047.html", "0044.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["AW: Answers to chat comments", ["0058.html", "0057.html", "0052.html", "0048.html", "0046.html"]], ["AW: Gen2 access restrictions", ["0008.html"]], ["AW: Proposal for Remote Procedure Call extensions to VISS.", ["0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["F2F registration", ["0030.html"]], ["Gen2 access control model", ["0077.html"]], ["Hello again", ["0039.html"]], ["Proposal for Remote Procedure Call extensions to VISS.", ["0049.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Revision 2 Wg agenda", ["0003.html"]], ["Toronto f2f, March 23,24,25,26", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Transportation Ontology Coordination Committee", ["0060.html"]], ["VSS Layers introduction", ["0037.html"]], ["WBS Reminder - Registration for the F2F meeting of the Automotive Working Group (2020-03-23/2020-03-26 in Toronto Canada) responses due 2020-03-20", ["0075.html"]], ["WG Agenda", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0042.html"]], ["WgAgenda", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2020-01-14", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2020-01-07", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2020-01-21", ["0048.html"]], ["Access Restriction Discussion", ["0005.html"]], ["Agenda", ["0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Agenda Wg meeting", ["0049.html"]], ["Anenda WG.", ["0001.html"]], ["AW: Gen2 access restrictions", ["0027.html", "0018.html"]], ["BG scoping discussion", ["0003.html"]], ["F2F survey", ["0050.html", "0025.html"]], ["Gen2 access restrictions", ["0029.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0014.html"]], ["Gen2 Roadmap", ["0047.html"]], ["March F2F meeting", ["0053.html", "0051.html"]], ["Next face to face meetings", ["0006.html"]], ["Single Tree discussion", ["0002.html"]], ["Toronto f2f, March 23,24,25,26", ["0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0052.html"]], ["VSS Layers introduction", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["W3C WG agenda", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["WG call resumes today", ["0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-12-17, last call of 2019", ["0019.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call 2019-12-03", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[w3c/automotive] Gen2-CORE Filtering chapter update. (#320)", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Agenda Wg meeting", ["0006.html"]], ["Agenda.", ["0012.html"]], ["JLR implementation report", ["0013.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["My feedback on PR 320, and reflections on the process", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["New REST API support in w3c-visserver-api", ["0001.html"]], ["VISS wrap up and Gen2 tree topic", ["0014.html"]], ["You're Invited - Geotab Connect 2020", ["0015.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-11-19 Auto WG and Graph project plans for next call", ["0016.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-11-19 Auto WG and Graph project plans for next call)", ["0018.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto Graph project 2019-11-26", ["0021.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-11-12", ["0012.html"]], ["Agenda items", ["0001.html"]], ["Agenda WG meeting", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["AW: New REST API support in w3c-visserver-api", ["0022.html"]], ["Daylight savings", ["0000.html"]], ["Dynamic registry", ["0011.html"]], ["JLR implementation report", ["0020.html"]], ["Merge vs. Rebase", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["New REST API support in w3c-visserver-api", ["0019.html"]], ["Revised agenda", ["0002.html"]], ["VSS collaboration (Data TF) meeting today?", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-10-08 Auto WG call and next call agenda", ["0006.html"]], ["[Minutes] homework assignments and git conventions Auto WG 2019-10-29", ["0025.html"]], ["Access restriction tagging in VSS", ["0017.html"]], ["Added for Bosch/KUKSA", ["0008.html"]], ["Agenda", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Authentication and Authorization chapter", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Auto WG call time changed", ["0005.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-31: Review repository permissions", ["0013.html"]], ["Data model (#310)", ["0026.html"]], ["F2F minutes and summary", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Graph prototyping", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0007.html", "0001.html"]], ["Minutes and congrats", ["0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["PR. #311", ["0018.html"]], ["Repository permission review action item", ["0015.html"]], ["Tuesday 22 Oct", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["VSS positioning/extension and Gen2 search", ["0019.html"]]], [["agenda", ["0018.html"]], ["Auto landing page updated", ["0007.html"]], ["Auto WG teleconference schedule", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["BMW office / F2F address", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Chair announcement", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["VSS and VIWI", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Fwd: W3C on Data Models for Transportation on Monday, September 9]", ["0025.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-08-13", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["F2F registration", ["0010.html"]], ["NULL plate", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Updated ViWi submission", ["0000.html"]], ["VSS and VIWI", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["WBS Reminder - Registration for the F2F meeting of the Automotive Working Group (2019-09-09/2019-09-10 in Mountain View, California responses due 2019-09-06", ["0001.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-07-16", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] W3C Auto WG 2019-07-02", ["0000.html"]], ["Cancel Auto WG calls 2019-07-30 and 2019-08-06", ["0005.html"]], ["September F2F", ["0003.html"]], ["Summer schedule", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-06-04", ["0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call 2019-06-25", ["0007.html"]], ["Aftermarket considerations", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Leaving JLR", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Regrets for Auto WG call tomorrow", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-05-21", ["0012.html"]], ["Gen2 ideas", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["OSS Demo presentation", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Slides for Uber ontology presentation", ["0011.html"]], ["unsubscribe", ["0010.html", "0005.html"]], ["WoT Binding Templates", ["0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-04-02", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-04-02)", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call 2019-04-09 and 2019-04-16", ["0011.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-30: Create survey", ["0000.html"]], ["F2F agenda", ["0012.html"]], ["Survey on Gen2 data model discussion", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["WBS Reminder - Registration for the F2F meeting of the Automotive Working Group (2019-05-13/2019-05-14 in Munich, Germany) responses due 2019-05-09", ["0010.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-02-26", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-03-05", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-03-19", ["0004.html"]], ["[Reminder] Auto WG call - still in daylight saving time warp", ["0006.html", "0003.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-29: Reach out to oem for policy", ["0005.html"]], ["Call reminder, note Daylight Savings Shift", ["0002.html"]], ["Gen2 data model questions", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["[MInutes] Auto WG 2019-02-19", ["0004.html"]], ["Clearing backlog of minutes", ["0003.html"]], ["W3C Graph Data workshop", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2019-01-08", ["0000.html"]], ["[Reminder] Auto WG call", ["0001.html"]]], [["[MInutes] Auto WG 2018-12-11", ["0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call 2018-12-04", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] Open Source project call 2018-11-21", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes and holiday break", ["0004.html"]], ["please subscribe me public-automotive@w3.org - thanks", ["0003.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-11-20", ["0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call 2018-11-27", ["0006.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call 2018-11-27)", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] Open Source project call 2018-11-21", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Automobiles as a thing in IoT", ["0000.html"]], ["Cancelled Auto WG call today", ["0001.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-09-25", ["0000.html"]], ["[MInutes] Auto WG 2018-10-02", ["0002.html"]], ["Face to Face minutes", ["0011.html"]], ["Minutes tool", ["0001.html"]], ["Ridar", ["0010.html"]], ["Streaming sensor support?", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - List of restaurants", ["0009.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - Registration closes on 14 October", ["0008.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-09-04", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-09-18", ["0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call", ["0008.html"]], ["Connected Car Update", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["GENIVI Technical Summit", ["0001.html"]], ["Streaming sensor support?", ["0002.html"]], ["TP", ["0010.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - Registration fees and hotel bookings", ["0012.html"]], ["TPAC liaison meetings and unconf day", ["0007.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-08-21", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-08-29", ["0003.html"]], ["[Reminder] Auto WG call tomorrow", ["0000.html"]], ["Introduction of signal access- and resource access profile, with common data model (extended VSS).", ["0002.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2018-07-10, 2018-07-17, 2018-07-24", ["0010.html"]], ["[Reminder] Auto WG call 2018-07-03", ["0002.html"]], ["Summer schedule", ["0009.html", "0003.html"]], ["TAG review, draft explainer", ["0008.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 registration now open", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["VISS / ViWi contrast and review at AGL", ["0004.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["VISS / ViWi contrast and review at AGL)", ["0005.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-06-12", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-06-19", ["0010.html"]], ["Auto WG 2018-06-19", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["No Minutes Auto WG 2018-06-05 call", ["0000.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 registration now open", ["0004.html"]], ["VISS / ViWi contrast and review at AGL", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]]], [["[Agenda] Data TF", ["0006.html"]], ["[Agenda] Data TF)", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-05-02", ["0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-05-15", ["0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-05-22", ["0009.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-05-29", ["0010.html"]], ["Doodle for Automotive Big Data", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Fwd: Automotive Working Group Revised Charter Approved; Call for Participation", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes 19 and 20 April F2F", ["0001.html"]], ["Ulrich's slides from face to face", ["0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-03-20", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-04-10", ["0004.html"]], ["Fwd: Impelementation Report added (was: [Minutes] Auto WG 2018-03-20", ["0012.html"]], ["Impelementation Report added (was: [Minutes] Auto WG 2018-03-20", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Reminder, register for F2F", ["0003.html"]], ["RSI update", ["0009.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG / BG 2018-03-06", ["0011.html", "0006.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-03-20", ["0020.html"]], ["[update] Call for Exclusions: Vehicle Information Service Specification", ["0008.html"]], ["April F2F Registration", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Automotive Working Group Charter Extended [was: Proposed Charter for the Automotive Working Group (Call for Review)]", ["0012.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Vehicle Information Service Specification", ["0005.html"]], ["Initial draft of agenda for upcoming April f2f in Munich", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0007.html"]], ["Plotting out editors and discussing tooling/workflow.", ["0010.html"]], ["Proposed call schedule change", ["0009.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-02-06", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Draft Auto WG recharter", ["0002.html"]], ["Implemetation report for VISS", ["0004.html", "0000.html"]], ["VISS CR diff", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["VISS published as CR", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["6 February WG topic", ["0020.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-01-09 & 2018-01-1666", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-01-30", ["0032.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2018-01-23", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["[Reminder] Auto WG call", ["0006.html"]], ["Automotive Working Group Charter Extended", ["0005.html"]], ["Call for Consensus (CfC) for Candidate Release (CR) of Vehicle Information Service Specification (VISS)", ["0008.html"]], ["Draft Auto WG recharter", ["0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0014.html", "0010.html"]], ["Proposed call schedule change", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Proposed call schedule change", ["0006.html", "0004.html", "0001.html"]], ["Proposed call schedule change)", ["0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto rechartering and WG teleconference 2017-11-21", ["0009.html"]], ["Attempting to achieve consensus re. wwwivi issue (#223)", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-27: Write summary of the decision", ["0005.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-28: Draft recharter", ["0006.html"]], ["F2F minutes", ["0007.html"]], ["irc chat archives.", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Proposed call schedule change", ["0013.html"]], ["Remote F2F Participation information", ["0001.html"]], ["Web5G workshop in January", ["0008.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2017-10-17", ["0009.html"]], ["Attempting to achieve consensus re. wwwivi issue (#223)", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["F2F agenda", ["0002.html"]], ["Need to reorganize the github pages of WG and BG", ["0001.html"]], ["Tentative Agenda for TPAC meeting", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2017-09-19", ["0018.html"]], ["Reminder: Auto F2F registration", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Request to make the issue list for VISS", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Request to make the issue list for VISS)", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["WG call 2017-09-05", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["WG call 2017-09-05)", ["0014.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["Auto F2F at TPAC", ["0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG teleconference 2017-06-20", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[Publication] Vehicle Information API Specification (VIAS)", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Auto F2F at TPAC", ["0008.html"]], ["Splitting github repos", ["0003.html"]], ["VIAS WD updated", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[MInutes] Auto WG 2017-05-02", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] F2F 10 & 11 May 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["[Reminder] Genivi/W3C coordination call", ["0003.html"]], ["slides from ACCESS", ["0001.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2017-04-04", ["0007.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2017-04-18", ["0011.html"]], ["Action Items for VISS/VIAS CR", ["0008.html", "0002.html"]], ["LBS from GENIVI", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["RSI Task Force Kickoff Meeting", ["0004.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2017-03-21", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call 2017-03-08", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] Genivi coordination call 2017-02-28", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] VISS review and preparation for CR [2017-03-14", ["0011.html"]], ["[Minutes] VISS Testing 2017-03-16", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Auto BG & WG F2F 10 & 11 May", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Hi All", ["0010.html", "0005.html"]], ["MIT WebEx WebRTC support", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["WebEx ivite", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG 2017-02-07", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2017-02-21", ["0003.html"]]], [["[2G-VIS] Next Generation Vehicle Information Services (formerly [VIWI/Convergence])", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["[auto-wg/bg] minutes from the mini f2f meeting at CES - 5 January 2017", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 17 January 2017", ["0021.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 3 January 2017", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[GENIVI/W3C] coordination call minutes - 24 January 2017", ["0030.html"]], ["[Minutes] Burlingame F2F 2016-10-20 & 21", ["0014.html"]], ["[NG-VIS] Next Generation Vehicle Information Services (formerly [VIWI/Convergence])", ["0028.html", "0023.html"]], ["Automotive Business and Working Group Mini Face-to-Face at CES in Las Vegas", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["AW: ws-test - WebSocket Test Framework", ["0012.html"]], ["Boston Connected Car Meetup", ["0017.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Vehicle Signal Server Specification (update)", ["0022.html"]], ["VISS Implementations", ["0031.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["VW Submission", ["0000.html"]], ["W3C & OCF @ CES 2017", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["ws-test - WebSocket Test Framework", ["0013.html", "0011.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - 20 December 2016", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-12-06", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Automotive Working Group Revised Charter Approved; join the Automotive Working Group (Call for Participation)", ["0008.html"]], ["AW: W3C at CES", ["0012.html"]], ["Reminder of the FOSDEM CfP -- deadline Monday, Dec. 12th", ["0001.html"]], ["W3C at CES", ["0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C has announced Auto WG rechartering to its Members", ["0009.html"]]], [["2016-11-01 Auto WG minutes", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 15 November 2016", ["0007.html"]], ["AW: W3C at CES", ["0019.html"]], ["Simplifying Success and Error Responses for VSS Request and Get #106", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["W3C at CES", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Welcome VW to the Automotive Working Group", ["0028.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0021.html"]]], [["[agl-discussions] FOSDEM devrooms announced", ["0023.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 4 October 2016", ["0002.html"]], ["[lisbon-f2f] minutes - 19-20 September 2016", ["0000.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-26: Generate some examples of json schema usage", ["0001.html"]], ["Burlingame F2F Call-In Information", ["0028.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Vehicle Signal Server Specification", ["0037.html"]], ["Call for participation -- FOSDEM 2017 embedded, mobile and automotive devroom", ["0034.html"]], ["Cheching the schedule of FPWD for vehicle signal server spec", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["F2F Meeting Locations Today and Tomorrow", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["FOSDEM devrooms announced", ["0017.html"]], ["Fwd: Security List W3C", ["0038.html"]], ["Registration for Burlingame F2F", ["0026.html", "0018.html"]], ["Upcoming F2F Agenda - Burlingame", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]]], [["[Genivi-ad-hoc-sec] Security Team F2 at AMM", ["0062.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG 2016-09-06", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-23: Talk with hashimoto-san about if it would make sense to have a joint session with the security wg/ig during tpac", ["0021.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-24: Check what we need for use cases to support the spec", ["0032.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-25: Make a list of actions for the service spec(what needs to be done in the following months.)", ["0033.html"]], ["Fwd: [Genivi-ad-hoc-sec] Security Team F2 at AMM", ["0059.html", "0057.html"]], ["GSMA IoT Security Guidelines documents", ["0055.html"]], ["LBS-api-webidl-draft.docx", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0058.html", "0049.html", "0042.html", "0027.html"]], ["Resend: VSS/Vehicle data consideration", ["0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Tentative agenda for f2f meeting in Lisbon", ["0051.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0035.html", "0026.html"]], ["Tentative agenda for joint meeting between WoT IG and Automotive WG", ["0044.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["VSS Presentation", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0005.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["VSS/Vehicle data consideration", ["0054.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0041.html", "0039.html", "0034.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["WebAppSec and Auto WG discussion during TPAC", ["0056.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0050.html", "0024.html"]]], [["[Inquiry on W3C Vehicle Specification] Hello, This is Lux Lee working for Obigo in South Korea", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-08-16 Auto WG", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] Autmotive WG call 2016-08-03", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[portland-f2f] minutes - Day 2 - 27 July 2016)", ["0000.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-22: Ping the group about demo at genivi amm", ["0008.html"]], ["F2F Meeting Intro/Agenda Slides", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Next F2F", ["0001.html"]], ["REMINDER: Next F2F - Please respond to poll", ["0006.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - 5 July 2016", ["0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-07-19 Auto WG and start recommended reading list", ["0013.html"]], ["[portland-f2f] minutes - Day 1 - 26 July 2016", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["[portland-f2f] minutes - Day 2 - 27 July 2016", ["0029.html"]], ["[portland-f2f] minutes - Day 2 - 27 July 2016)", ["0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["[portland-f2f] minutes - Day 3 - 28 July 2016", ["0035.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-17: Send a reminder to the bg about the media tuner work", ["0008.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-18: Add iso8855 in vss", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-19: Survey japanese oem on interest in web socket and webidl approaches", ["0027.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-20: Generate a template html for the updated wg charter under the w3c/automotive github repo", ["0028.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-21: Conduct a wbs survey to gather people's availability for the next f2f meeting during tpac 2016", ["0032.html"]], ["AUTOMOTIVE AND WEB PLATFORM BUSINESS GROUP status", ["0024.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Beers/Dinner Tonight 8pm @ Bridgeport Brew Pub", ["0017.html"]], ["F2F Meeting Intro/Agenda Slides", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html"]], ["Face-2-Face in Portland", ["0000.html"]], ["Gathering issues for vehicle access APIs and vehicle data specs until 20th July", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0014.html", "0003.html"]], ["Hosting experimental code in w3c github repo.", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Jul 14 Security & Privacy telcon minutes", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Regular Privacy and Security TF call", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["vehicle signal client specification(JS API)", ["0033.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - 21 June 2016", ["0030.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-06-07 Auto WG call", ["0010.html"]], ["Draft Specification for Data Model", ["0017.html"]], ["Draft Specification for Service Based Approach Using WebSockets", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["IETF Intelligent Transportation Systems group forming", ["0031.html"]], ["OMA GotAPI", ["0026.html"]], ["Regular Privacy and Security TF call", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["WebSocket - Proposal to including client request id in subscribe, unsubscribe, get, set messages", ["0013.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - 17 May 2016", ["0050.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 3 May 2016", ["0009.html"]], ["[f2f] minutes - Day 1/Day 2 - 28/29 April 2016", ["0006.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-16: Look into the detail of the sota web server api", ["0043.html"]], ["Electric vehicle signals data", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["Fwd: minutes and actions from call on WoT & iotivity/OCF", ["0056.html"]], ["minutes and actions from call on WoT & iotivity/OCF", ["0065.html", "0059.html"]], ["Mise \u00e0 jour de l'invitation\u00a0: GENIVI-W3C coordination (Europe-US Pacific friendly call)", ["0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["Next F2F", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0014.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Next Face-to-Face", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["presentation ideas to secure web socket approach", ["0000.html"]], ["Regular Privacy and Security TF call", ["0067.html", "0066.html", "0053.html"]], ["Services Interface", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html"]], ["SV: Next F2F", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0024.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["SV: SV: Next F2F", ["0017.html"]], ["Task Forces", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Vehicle Information Service Spec", ["0064.html"]], ["Vehicle Signal Specification", ["0063.html", "0060.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0054.html", "0052.html"]], ["W3C Automotive Face-to-Face at JLR OSTC in Portland, OR", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0055.html", "0051.html"]]], [["[f2f] minutes - Security Day - 26 April 2016", ["0024.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-04-05", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda for Paris F2F April 28 - 29", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Back on GTM", ["0027.html"]], ["Draft article on automotive security guidelines", ["0023.html"]], ["Electric Vehicle / eMobility Projects & Requirements for W3C Automotive Web Platform", ["0035.html", "0033.html"]], ["EU Platform Co-operative Intelligent Transport Systems (C-ITS)", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Fwd: Reminder to send presentation materials to mailing list", ["0031.html", "0028.html"]], ["GoToMeeting Invitation - W3C F2F Paris Call-in", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["GTM Coordinates", ["0026.html"]], ["GTM Is Up", ["0025.html"]], ["GTM Up For Today's Meeting", ["0034.html"]], ["Minutes Auto WG 2016-04-19", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Mise \u00e0 jour de l'invitation\u00a0: GENIVI-W3C coordination (Europe-US Pacific friendly call)", ["0006.html"]], ["New Chairs", ["0002.html"]], ["Reminder to send presentation materials to mailing list", ["0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Slides - Web of Things for Connected Vehicles", ["0037.html"]], ["Tuesday, April 26 Location", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Vehicle Signal Specification", ["0036.html"]], ["W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting - Asia Pacific Friendly - 1st Tuesday", ["0009.html"]], ["W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting - Europe Friendly", ["0010.html"]]], [["26, 28, 29 April F2F registration and planning", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 15 March 2016", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 3 March 2016", ["0000.html"]], ["Endpoint propsals for RESTful style API", ["0012.html"]], ["Minutes of GENIVI-W3C coordination meeting, 29-Mar-2016", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Mise \u00e0 jour de l'invitation : GENIVI-W3C coordination", ["0007.html"]], ["R&R between Automotive WG and AGL/Genivi", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Stepping down as co-chair of both the Business Group and Working Group for Automotive", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - 16 Feb. 2016", ["0022.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 2 February 2016", ["0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 2 February 2016)", ["0013.html"]], ["[genivi-w3c] minutes - Genivi-W3C coordination call - 16 Feb. 2016", ["0021.html"]], ["[Minutes] Genivi / W3C coordination call 2016-02-02", ["0009.html"]], ["API Refactoring and TAG minutes", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-14: Follow up on existing webidl binding thread", ["0002.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-15: Learn more from exi json idl effort and webidl and make introductions to team contacts", ["0003.html"]], ["Electric vehicle support", ["0023.html"]], ["Issue 72 - Getting Closure", ["0020.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0006.html"]], ["Paris Face To Face - Agenda", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Paris Face To Face - Hotel Reservations", ["0004.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["TAG spec review", ["0011.html"]], ["Vehicle API Creation Guidelines", ["0008.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - 5 January 2016", ["0007.html"]], ["API Refactor (Issue 72) - Request for Comment", ["0013.html"]], ["Deadline Extension: WWW 2016 Developers Day CFP", ["0008.html"]], ["Meeting Tuesday?", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Security and Privacy Questionnaire", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Switching our default branch to gh-pages", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["[auto-wg-testing] minutes - 10 December 2015", ["0007.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-11: Provide a list of features which are surely available any kind of cars", ["0004.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-12: Talk with mike smith about w3c web platform testing and jasmine", ["0005.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-13: Create a doodle poll to gather people's availability", ["0006.html"]], ["CES", ["0008.html", "0003.html"]], ["Switching our default branch to gh-pages", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]]], [["[auto-wg-tpac] minutes from the Sapporo f2f meeting - 26-27 October 2015", ["0008.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 24 November 2015", ["0018.html"]], ["Meeting Tomorrow", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["REMINDER: W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Speaking Opportunity - Telematics Update Security Presentation or Panel Session in Novi, MI in March 2016", ["0010.html"]], ["Test Plan Meeting", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Vehicle Information Access API EventHandlers Proposal", ["0009.html"]], ["W3C WG Meeting", ["0017.html"]], ["Yet another standard for vehicle sensor data", ["0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - 6 October 2015", ["0007.html"]], ["[generic sensor] FPWD & TPAC meetings", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["[WoT-IG] and [IG-SP]: Review Invitation - Security&Privacy Landscape", ["0011.html"]], ["Agenda for tomorrow's F2F", ["0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-10: Close issue 56 as out of scope/not relevant to our wg based on conversations/understanding from jlr and volvo at genivi", ["0030.html"]], ["Fwd: TPAC remote participation: Automotive WG", ["0029.html"]], ["GENIVI and W3C Security Liaison", ["0015.html"]], ["Joint meeting: Geolocation and Automotive Working Groups, TPAC 2015, October 27, 2015", ["0004.html"]], ["Liaising with WoT group at TPAC?", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Meeting Tomorrow", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["minutes of TPAC2015 breakout: LBS", ["0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["October 26-27 - Face To Face - Proposed Agenda", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Please Review Specs", ["0002.html"]], ["Possible Security and Privacy Next Steps", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0039.html", "0034.html"]], ["Requirements from Seattle use cases", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Slides for Seoul BG F2F", ["0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Test status", ["0047.html"]], ["Update on switching to Echidna for automated publishing", ["0003.html"]], ["Vehicle Info and Data Specs", ["0042.html", "0040.html"]], ["W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Web Payments Presentation from JLR", ["0033.html"]]], [["10/23/2015 - W3C Automotive BG F2F Seoul Korea", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[Minutes Auto WG 2015-09-15 and sensor follow up", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["AGENDA PROPOSALS: 10/23/2015 - W3C Automotive BG F2F Seoul Korea", ["0026.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions (Update): Vehicle Information Access API; Vehicle Data", ["0012.html"]], ["Fwd: TPAC 2015 reminders: hotel booking, registration, ad-hoc meetings & breakout sessions", ["0022.html"]], ["GENIVI and W3C Security Liaison", ["0033.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-481: Inconsistent data type for temperatures", ["0013.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-482: Inconsistent data type for levels", ["0017.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-483: Temperature data type for Temperature", ["0014.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-484: Use BCP47 instead of ISO 639-1 for identifying languages", ["0024.html", "0016.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-485: Inconsistent use of data type for tilts and pans", ["0015.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-486: Should units of speed vary in the specification", ["0018.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-487: Consider adding a language tag to indicate the language of an error message", ["0019.html"]], ["Joint Session Between Auto and Geolocation Group at TPAC", ["0035.html", "0031.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Liaison With Web Payments Group", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["October 26-27 - Face To Face - Proposed Agenda", ["0036.html", "0034.html", "0032.html"]], ["Publishing next Working Draft", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["REGISTER: 10/23/2015 - W3C Automotive BG F2F Seoul Korea", ["0025.html"]], ["Reminder to Register for TPAC", ["0001.html"]], ["REMINDER W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0011.html"]], ["TAG Review Regarding Issue 37", ["0023.html"]], ["W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0000.html"]]], [["\"i18n-ISSUE-481: Inconsistent data type for temperatures", ["0018.html"]], ["[auto-wg] minutes - 25 August 2015", ["0025.html"]], ["[IG-SP] Review of Security&Privacy Requirements Catalogue", ["0022.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2015-08-04 Auto WG", ["0004.html"]], ["APTPOD Visual M2M presentation", ["0005.html"]], ["F2F Minutes 2015-07-28 & 29", ["0023.html"]], ["Fwd: [IG-SP] Review of Security&Privacy Requirements Catalogue", ["0010.html"]], ["Fwd: JLR CAN Firewall project", ["0006.html"]], ["High Level Use Case Process Overview", ["0002.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-482: Inconsistent data type for levels", ["0017.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-483: Temperature data type for Temperature Interface uses different data types", ["0019.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-484: Use BCP47 instead of ISO 639-1 for identifying languages", ["0015.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-485: Inconsistent use of data type for tilts and pans", ["0020.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-486: Should units of speed vary in the specification", ["0016.html"]], ["i18n-ISSUE-487: Consider adding a language tag to indicate the language of an error message", ["0021.html"]], ["REMINDER: W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0024.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - Spec Issue Review - 14 July 2015", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2015-07-07 Auto WG call", ["0016.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2015-07-21 Auto WG", ["0017.html"]], ["API Refactor Meeting", ["0009.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-9: Send out the list of topics based on the f2f discussion to the group", ["0026.html"]], ["F2F Day 1 Remote/Dial-in Coordinates", ["0019.html"]], ["F2F Day 2 Remote/Dial-in Coordinates", ["0020.html"]], ["GoToMeeting Invitation - Specification Issue Review (in GitHub)", ["0003.html"]], ["Issue #37 - API Refactor", ["0013.html"]], ["ISSUE-1: For remote controle and wake-up signal, we may need some mechanism to identify the state and the mode of the car, the web runtime and the application", ["0024.html"]], ["JLR Feedback on Issue", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["Possible way to frame follow up privacy discussion", ["0022.html"]], ["Proposed Agenda With Times for This Weeks F2F", ["0021.html", "0018.html"]], ["REMINDER: F2F Registration", ["0000.html"]], ["REMINDER: W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["REMINDER: W3C Automotive WG Phone Meeting 7/21 (TOMORROW)", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["REMINDER: You're invited to a party -- OpenCar Hosting Seattle Connected Car Community Event", ["0015.html"]], ["Specification Issue Review", ["0002.html"]], ["Tomorrow's Presentations]", ["0025.html"]], ["UPDATED: F2F Day 1 Remote/Dial-in Coordinates", ["0023.html"]], ["You're invited to a party -- OpenCar Hosting Seattle Connected Car Community Event", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - Editor's Process Meeting - 16 June 2015", ["0038.html"]], ["[Minutes] Auto WG call 2015-06-02", ["0008.html", "0006.html", "0000.html"]], ["Address All Existing Issues in Git By 7/7", ["0045.html"]], ["Agenda for July 28 - 29 F2F in Seattle?", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Agenda for next F2F meeting", ["0007.html"]], ["Auto WG - Editor's Process", ["0019.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Vehicle Information Access API; Vehicle Data", ["0040.html"]], ["CfP in Automotive Privacy and Security Task Force", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Editor's Process", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["July 28 - 29 Face To Face Registration", ["0025.html", "0018.html"]], ["Minutes 2015-06-17 WG call", ["0044.html"]], ["Phone Meeting Summary 6/16", ["0046.html"]], ["Privacy and Security Task Force - Want To Join?", ["0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["REMINDER: Register for July 28 - 29 F2F In Seattle", ["0047.html"]], ["REMINDER: WG Meeting Tomorrow at 4pm", ["0034.html"]], ["REMINDER: WG Meeting Tomorrow at 9AM PDT [UPDATE]", ["0039.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["TPAC 2015 Registration Now Open", ["0026.html"]], ["W3C Auto WG - Editor's Process Meeting", ["0037.html", "0032.html"]], ["Wiki", ["0033.html"]]], [["[auto-wg] minutes - 26 May 2015", ["0007.html"]], ["[To be resolved] Reviwe API Design", ["0006.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-7: Work with kaz and other w3c team mates, e.g., denis, mike, robin and dom, on how to use the web testing platform", ["0000.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-8: Find out how device api wg is handling testing of sensors api", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes 2015-05-05 and 2015-05-19", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Minutes 2015-05-05 and 2015-05-19)", ["0005.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Auto WG F2F 2015-04-23", ["0005.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-1: Work with ted and kaz on github repository layout", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0000.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-2: send out formal call for Editors", ["0001.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-3: Draft a public blog cfp on joint security tf to run by group before announcing", ["0002.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-4: Recommend to the group how to create test suite", ["0003.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-5: Send f2f proposal to both mailing lists", ["0004.html"]], ["auto-ACTION-6: Start a wiki to collect notes of activities of possible w3c/genivi collaboration on devices", ["0006.html"]]], [["[auto] minutes - 24 March 2015", ["0003.html"]], ["MInutes for 2015-03-17 teleconference", ["0002.html"]], ["Suggestion to Automotive WG - From Alibaba Group", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Suggestions to W3C Automotive Working Group Charter", ["0004.html"]]], [["Group Homepage", ["0000.html"]]]]