[[["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0000.html"]]], [["HTML List Builder", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["IDL definitions", ["0000.html"]]], [["Will your Community Group meet during TPAC 2016?", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C invites W3C Community Groups to meet at TPAC 2016", ["0000.html"]]], [["Why is the <picture> element so rarely used?", ["0000.html"]]], [["suggestion of new element and attribute `greyarea`", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]], ["text RTL attribute", ["0001.html"]]], [["elements of metric spaces in HTML", ["0000.html"]]], [["is tag correct? [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["What to do with recurrent content among pages and posts [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["HTML5 tag specs [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["What to do with recurrent content among pages and posts [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["What to do with recurrent content among pages and posts [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["What to do with recurrent content among pages and posts [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["Correct use of [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]], ["What's the best historical reference for HTML browser support/element compatibility? [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0001.html"]]], [["HELP!!! I am a student of web design and I need help on HTML5 [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["Directionality in text fields [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["Suggested amendment to <a> tag", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["A Propusal for A New Pseudo Element :icon [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0001.html"]], ["Survey on Community and Business Group Experience [reminder]", ["0000.html"]]], [["Is there a test repository for HTML5 features and conformance?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Sound with HTML", ["0001.html"]], ["The Shameless Plug Tag Rocks! [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0002.html"]], ["When A Form Should Start Validation? [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["Let's free A and HREF! [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["html5spec - Choosing a Chair for your Community Group", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["A Unified Naming Attribute for Everything [via HTML5 Specifications Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]]]