[[["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 05 May 2020", ["0000.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 12 May 2020", ["0003.html"]], ["[EXTERNAL] Next Special Topic Call", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2020-05-12 Topical call on registries", ["0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID 2020-05-05", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID 2020-05-12", ["0007.html"]], ["Next Special Topic Call", ["0006.html", "0002.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 07 Apr 2020", ["0001.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 14 Apr 2020", ["0005.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 21 Apr 2020", ["0012.html"]], ["[EXTERNAL] Fwd: Protocol for requesting private data?", ["0032.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID 2020-04-21 (both the regular and the topic calls)", ["0023.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2014-04-14", ["0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2020-04-07", ["0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG special call", ["0000.html"]], ["Clarity on DID Resolution as it refers to DID WG", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["DID calls cancelled week of 27 April", ["0024.html"]], ["DID WG Special Topic Call", ["0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Fwd: ITU-T SG17 Liaison statement (SG17-LS244) on progress of SG17 activities on security aspects for Distributed Ledger Technologies", ["0002.html"]], ["Fwd: Protocol for requesting private data?", ["0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["Next DID WG Special Topic Call", ["0004.html"]], ["Protocol for requesting private data?", ["0037.html", "0029.html"]], ["Software maturity?", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Special Topics Teleconference", ["0013.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 10 Mar 2020", ["0010.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 17 Mar 2020", ["0014.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 24 Mar 2020", ["0019.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 31 Mar 2020", ["0024.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID 2020-03-24", ["0021.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID Extra call on registries", ["0017.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID special call on DID parameters 2020-03-26", ["0023.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID Telco 2020-03-31", ["0026.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2020-03-10", ["0013.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG Meeting 2020-03-17", ["0018.html"]], ["Additional Call", ["0015.html"]], ["Additional DID WG call", ["0027.html", "0025.html"]], ["DID Core Registry checklist", ["0002.html"]], ["Fwd: Additional Call", ["0016.html"]], ["Fwd: README: Doodle poll for registry/ies call", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes of the special call on registries (2020-03-05)", ["0004.html"]], ["Next Topic call: Parameters", ["0022.html", "0020.html"]], ["README: Doodle poll for 2nd registries call (and beyond?)", ["0011.html", "0008.html"]], ["README: Doodle poll for registry/ies call", ["0000.html"]], ["REVISED: Doodle poll for 2nd registries call (and beyond?)", ["0012.html"]], ["Thoughts on current discussion around QR codes", ["0003.html"]], ["URGENT: Possible call time shift due to US Daylight Saving Time", ["0009.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 03 Mar 2020", ["0045.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 11 Feb 2020", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 18 Feb 2020", ["0025.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 25 Feb 2020", ["0043.html"]], ["[EXTERNAL] Have to regenerate all did wg calls for WG", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[F2F Minutes] DID WG", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2020-02-18", ["0041.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2020-02-25", ["0044.html"]], ["[Reminder] Call for Exclusions: Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) v1.0", ["0010.html"]], ["DID/WoT Joint Call Proposal", ["0042.html"]], ["Fwd: [AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 18 Feb 2020", ["0038.html"]], ["Have to regenerate all did wg calls for WG", ["0004.html"]], ["IMPORTANT: WebEx info for today", ["0014.html"]], ["Meeting 2020-02-18 - late breaking regrets", ["0040.html"]], ["No DID WG call this week", ["0000.html"]], ["QR Codes & DIDs", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Real BTCR DID Document", ["0024.html", "0013.html"]], ["Registry and Implementation Guide Repositories", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Repositories", ["0019.html"]], ["Thoughts on current discussion around QR codes", ["0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Thoughts on explaining our Grand Compromise", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Upcoming proposals based on DID F2F consensus", ["0016.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 07 Jan 2020", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 14 Jan 2020", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 21 Jan 2020", ["0024.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2020-01-14, for the regular as well as extra", ["0016.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG F2F Meeting 1st day", ["0036.html", "0034.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG, 2020-01-21", ["0027.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG: 2020-01-07", ["0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG\u2019s extra F2F preparation call minutes", ["0023.html"]], ["Abstract Data Model, JSON/JSON-LD", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["Additional DID WG Call", ["0030.html"]], ["ANNOUNCE: Sensors, Identifiers & Digital Twins: Tracking Identity on the Supply Chain", ["0015.html"]], ["DID WG Extra calls in January", ["0004.html"]], ["Doodle Poll", ["0000.html"]], ["F2F Connection for remote participants", ["0035.html"]], ["F2F links/details for attendees", ["0033.html"]], ["First Additional DID WG Meeting", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["First Additional DID WG Meeting)", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0013.html"]], ["Reminder: NO DID WG call today", ["0032.html"]], ["Review of \"Use Cases and Requirements for Decentralized Identifiers\"", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Second Additional DID WG Meeting", ["0020.html"]], ["Some recent materials about matrix parameters in DID URLs", ["0029.html"]], ["State of Decentralized Identity 2020 Survey NOW OPEN", ["0028.html", "0014.html"]], ["Testing DID Method Interoperability using the Universal Resolver and Linked Data Signatures.", ["0031.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 03 Dec 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 10 Dec 2019", ["0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 17 Dec 2019", ["0015.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-12-03", ["0005.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-12-10", ["0014.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-12-17", ["0016.html"]], ["[MINUTES] DID WG Key formats call 25 Nov 2019", ["0006.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG Key Management extra call 2019-12-04", ["0008.html"]], ["A trick if you want to read a spec on the plane\u2026", ["0004.html", "0001.html"]], ["Doodle Poll: Additional Meetings prior to F2F", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Environmentally friendly travel to the F2F", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0007.html"]], ["How to get to our Amsterdam meeting location", ["0003.html"]], ["Public Keys PR #100, intent to merge after next DID WG telecon", ["0010.html"]], ["Recommending secp256k1 in FIPS 186-5", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["WebEx data for the December 4 call on key representation", ["0002.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 05 Nov 2019", ["0001.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 12 Nov 2019", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 19 Nov 2019", ["0031.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 26 Nov 2019", ["0042.html"]], ["[MINUTES] 2019-11-13 Public Key Discussion", ["0025.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-11-05", ["0010.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-11-12", ["0024.html"]], ["[MINUTES] DID WG 2019-11-13 Public Key Discussion", ["0027.html"]], ["[MINUTES] DID WG 2019-11-13 Public Key Discussion)", ["0028.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-11-19", ["0040.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-11-26", ["0043.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG, Ad-hoc key management meeting's minutes", ["0022.html"]], ["[Minutes] JSON-LD WG 2019-11-01", ["0006.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["A minor github syntax usage that should become part of our netiquette...", ["0045.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) v1.0", ["0014.html"]], ["conflicts for the next 2 weeks", ["0019.html"]], ["Doodle poll: key format discussion (POLL ENDS on Tuesday call)", ["0005.html"]], ["Doodle poll: next key format discussion (POLL ENDS on Tuesday call)", ["0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["FPWD for use cases is now officially published", ["0044.html"]], ["FPWD published", ["0013.html"]], ["Fwd: Verifiable Credentials Data Model 1.0 is now a W3C Recommendation", ["0039.html"]], ["Git and the DID WG", ["0003.html"]], ["Hold Wed 2 pm Boston time for next Key Representations meeting", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["January Face-to-Face Meeting", ["0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html"]], ["JSON-LD Best Practices", ["0038.html", "0036.html"]], ["More use cases please?", ["0046.html"]], ["NOTE!!!!! Daylight Savings Time change in North America", ["0007.html", "0004.html"]], ["Use Cases & Requirements FPWD", ["0026.html"]], ["Use Cases & Requirements FPWD)", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["WebEx data for the Nov 25 call on key representation", ["0041.html"]], ["Webex dial-in data for the extra call on Wed, 6the of November, 1pm Eastern", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 08 Oct 2019", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 15 Oct 2019", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 22 Oct 2019", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (DID WG) Teleconference - 29 Oct 2019", ["0018.html"]], ["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (VCWG) Teleconference - 01 Oct 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["[Agenda] JSON-LD / DID Teleconference 2019-11-01", ["0022.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-10-01", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-10-08", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-10-15", ["0010.html"]], ["[Minutes] DID WG 2019-10-29", ["0019.html"]], ["DID Core FPWD ready for publication", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["DID specification FPWD draft ready for review", ["0017.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] Decentralized Identifier Working Group (VCWG) Teleconference - 01 Oct 2019", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["[all] DID WG kickoff meeting at TPAC!", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-09-16", ["0007.html"]], ["Call for Possible Topics - TPAC 2019", ["0002.html"]], ["Decentralized Identifier Working Group Charter Approved; Call for Participation", ["0000.html"]], ["DID WG teleconference times", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["F2F minutes", ["0008.html"]], ["Fwd: DID WG TPAC Resolutions", ["0010.html"]], ["Fwd: Request for joint meeting during TPAC", ["0009.html"]], ["IRC nicknames, github id-s...", ["0005.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0017.html"]], ["Test", ["0001.html"]], ["TPAC 2019 Meetings", ["0006.html"]]]]