[[["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0000.html"]]], [["[RELEASE] Apache Any23 2.1", ["0000.html"]]], [["what about that stuff?", ["0000.html"]]], [["wow, this is really awesome", ["0000.html"]]], [["[ANN] Released JOPA 0.9.2 - Efficient Open-source Java Library to edit RDF/OWL Ontologies", ["0000.html"]], ["[RELEASE] Apache Any23 2.0", ["0001.html"]]], [["extremely good stuff", ["0000.html"]]], [["[CfP] Call for Workshop Proposals: The 6th Joint International Semantic Technology Conference (JIST 2016)", ["0000.html"]]], [["Will your Community Group meet during TPAC 2016?", ["0000.html"]]], [["SEMANTiCS 2016, Leipzig, Sep 12-15, Call for Industry & Transfer Tutorials and Workshops", ["0001.html"]], ["SEMANTiCS 2016, Leipzig, Sep 12-15, Call for Scientific Workshops", ["0000.html"]]], [["SEMANTiCS 2016, Leipzig, Sep 12-15, Call for Research & Innovation Papers", ["0000.html"]], ["W3C invites W3C Community Groups to meet at TPAC 2016", ["0001.html"]]], [["[CFP] Semantic Web Journal - Special Issue on Quality Management of Semantic Web Assets (Data, Services and Systems)", ["0000.html"]]], [["SEMANTiCS 2015, Vienna, Call for Research & Innovation Papers", ["0000.html"]]], [["CFP: 2nd Workshop on Linked Data Qquality at ESWC #LDQ2015", ["0000.html"]], ["understanding the difficulties experienced with Description Logics [via Semantic Web Programming Languages Community Group]", ["0001.html"]]], [["[CfP] Linked Data Quality #LDQ2015 Call for Papers", ["0000.html"]]], [["[CfP] Linked Data Quality #LDQ2015 Call for Papers", ["0001.html"]], ["SEMANTiCS 2015, Vienna, Call for Research & Innovation Papers", ["0000.html"]]], [["[ANNOUNCE] LITEQ.RDF Release (F# RDF library)", ["0000.html"]]], [["[ANNOUNCE] Apache Any23 1.0 Release", ["0000.html"]]], [["Use of ontology patterns", ["0000.html"]]], [["Choosing a chair for your group + Survey on Community Groups", ["0000.html"]]], [["semwebprog - Choosing a Chair for your Community Group", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Event Ontology Information", ["0000.html"]]]]