[[["\"Media Fragments URI 1.0 (basic)\" Japanese translation available", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Spatial Dimension Syntax", ["0000.html"]]], [["Lifting Media Fragment URIs to the next level", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Media Fragments usage, how to find out?", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Informal (dynamic) Media Fragments URI discussion", ["0000.html"]]], [["Informal (dynamic) Media Fragments URI discussion", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["FYI: UI/UX for media fragment lists", ["0000.html"]]], [["Media Fragments - Video fragment temporal loop", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Media Fragments - Video fragment temporal loop", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["1st Winter School on Multimedia Processing and Applications (WMPA 2014), Dublin, Ireland, January 2014", ["0000.html"]], ["Generic syntax", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["is spec complete?", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["MediaMixer Core Technology Set has been published", ["0002.html"]], ["Mid war love and adventure in Andros", ["0001.html"]]], [["New Release of Synote Media Fragment Player", ["0000.html"]]], [["Releasing xywh.js\u2014A polyfill for spatial media fragments", ["0000.html"]]], [["Final Call for papers: 1st International Workshop on Media fragment creation and reMIXing (MMIX\u201913)", ["0000.html"]]], [["[public-media-fragment] <none>", ["0000.html"]]], [["[MSE] Guidance on how to proceed with Bug 17002", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[MSE] Guidance on how to proceed with Bug 17002", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Fwd: [MSE] Guidance on how to proceed with Bug 17002", ["0000.html"]]], [["Fraggy", ["0001.html"]], ["Fwd: FYI: Best Practices for Fragment Identifiers and Media Type Definitions Draft Published", ["0002.html"]], ["Google API Announcements from Google I/O 2012", ["0000.html"]]], [["comment received during PR review:", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Comment on Media Fragments URI 1.0 (basic) Proposed Recommendation 15 March 2012", ["0000.html"]], ["comment received during PR review:", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Fwd: [Bug 17002] Specify SourceID to AudioTrack.id & VideoTrack.id mappings", ["0002.html"]], ["How URL Fragments could interact with Selectors, MQ and CSS, incl. Variables", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[PR Media Fragment] specify how further keywords would be added", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["uri templates", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["uri templates", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[css3-images] Last Call Working Draft of CSS Image Values and Replaced Content Level 3", ["0031.html"]], ["[Media-Frags] 4.2.1.3 Wall-clock time code", ["0001.html"]], ["ACTION-245: Implementation of Media Fragments from Dailymotion", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Agenda of MF's last+1 PhoneConf", ["0010.html"]], ["Announcement of last but one Transitioning", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Getting an implementation report from WebKit", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0025.html", "0023.html"]], ["implementation in WebKit emerging", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Last call announcement: CSS Image Values and Replaced Content Module Level 3 (css3-images)", ["0020.html"]], ["Media Fragments support has landed in Chromium", ["0026.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["minutes of 2012-01-04 teleconference", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Rounding with #xywh=percent:25,25,50,50", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Media-Frags] 4.2.1.3 Wall-clock time code", ["0000.html"]], ["ACTION-240: Wiki page gathering showcase applications", ["0018.html"]], ["ACTION-245: Implementation of Media Fragments from Dailymotion", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["ACTION-247: Clarification on what will remain in the Media Fragments URI specification", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["ACTION-251: ThoughtLab - EuropeanaConnect Annotation Tool feedback", ["0029.html", "0026.html"]], ["Agenda of MF's last PhoneConf (alas :)", ["0032.html"]], ["Agenda Tomorrow's PhoneConf", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Approving the last test cases", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["AW: ACTION-251: ThoughtLab - EuropeanaConnect Annotation Tool feedback", ["0031.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-12-07 teleconference", ["0007.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-12-14 teleconference", ["0012.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-12-21 teleconference", ["0030.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-12-28 teleconference", ["0033.html"]], ["Rounding with #xywh=percent:25,25,50,50", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0015.html"]]], [["[css3-images] Features Overview", ["0012.html"]], ["Acknowledge your agreement on Disposition of Comments, please", ["0013.html", "0002.html"]], ["ACTION-238: Review TC0002-S to TC0026-S (server test cases) (Media Fragments Working Group)", ["0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["ACTION-243: Search for a media resource that contains a chapter name (Media Fragments Working Group)", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0065.html"]], ["Agenda Tomorrow's PhoneConf", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Cancellation of this weeks Phoneconf", ["0016.html"]], ["Checking what features could be 'at risk'", ["0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["comments on spatial media fragment (a broadcaster's perspective)", ["0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["comments on the latest editor's draft of Media Fragments URI 1.0", ["0007.html"]], ["Erroneous Test Case #TC0026-UA", ["0024.html", "0019.html"]], ["Implementation report - update", ["0067.html"]], ["Implementation report for Firefox", ["0032.html", "0027.html", "0017.html"]], ["Implementation Report for mediafragments.js", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Implementation report generation", ["0004.html"]], ["Implementation report of Synote Media Fragment Player", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Issue-10 (Media Fragments Test Case Maintenance) resolved & closed", ["0082.html"]], ["Issue-17 (Media Fragments Track Names and IRIs) consensus & closed", ["0083.html"]], ["Issue-20 (Create a IETF draft at CR stage) consensus & closed (but to be formally checked by Philippe Le Hegaret)", ["0084.html"]], ["Issue-21 (Expressing complex regions with a reference in Media Fragments URI) consensus & closed", ["0085.html"]], ["Media Fragments URI - Acknowledgements section", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-11-23 teleconference", ["0079.html"]], ["Minutes of 2011-11-30 phoneconf", ["0086.html"]], ["MTAP Special Issue on \"Multimedia on the Web\" || Extended Submission Deadline: 30. November", ["0018.html"]], ["Reminder: Acknowledge your agreement on Disposition of Comments, please", ["0006.html"]], ["Resolution of http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-media-fragment/2011May/0014.html", ["0005.html"]], ["SMPTE examples", ["0066.html"]], ["Transition request to CR for \"Media Fragments URI 1.0\"", ["0009.html"]], ["User Script adds (temporal NPT) Media Fragments URI support to Safari, Firefox & Chrome", ["0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0046.html"]], ["Yet another illegal test case: TC0019-UA", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]]], [["[css3-images] Features Overview", ["0004.html"]], ["A demo of interlinking multimedia annotations", ["0013.html"]], ["Call for Implementations of our Media Fragments 1.0 Specification", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["comments on the latest editor's draft of Media Fragments URI 1.0", ["0014.html", "0005.html"]], ["First test case report already available & CR transitioning still on its way", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Fwd: List-Id: for filtering mail from W3C lists", ["0015.html"]], ["Media Fragments URI 1.0 transitioning to CR", ["0003.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group \u2026 5 to 12 (and call for immediate action!!!)", ["0016.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 12 October, Telecon *0900 UTC", ["0007.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 5 October, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-10-05 teleconference", ["0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["small bug to fix in the latest CR version", ["0019.html"]], ["Today's Phoneconf postponed (no quorum)", ["0009.html"]], ["Tomorrow's Phoneconf cancelled \u2026 but CR transitioning & first test case report on their way!", ["0010.html"]]], [["Action 227: Test builds for Firefox media fragment support", ["0007.html", "0001.html"]], ["ACTION-233: I'm afraid I won't be able to make it....", ["0012.html"]], ["Media Fragment Transition to CR?", ["0015.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: 14 September CANCELLED", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 28 September, Telecon CANCELLED", ["0014.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 7 September, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-09-07 teleconference", ["0004.html"]], ["MTAP Special Issue on \"Multimedia on the Web\" || Submission Deadline: 15. November", ["0011.html"]], ["Review of Media Type Specifications and Registration Procedures - draft-freed-media-type-regs-00", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["Action 227: Test builds for Firefox media fragment support", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Media Fragments URI 1.0 transitioning to CR", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Reconvene of normal activities on Wed 07/09", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Review of Media Type Specifications and Registration Procedures - draft-freed-media-type-regs-00", ["0006.html"]], ["Today's telco cancelled \u2026 we will resume on Wed 17/08", ["0004.html"]]], [["[css3-images] Features Overview", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0043.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0013.html"]], ["ABNF definition of NPT temporal fragment times", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Call for Poster & Demos || Workshop on Multimedia on the Web, 08. Sept. 2011 (Graz, Austria)", ["0002.html"]], ["Call for Review: Media Type Sepecifications and Registration Procedures", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Fwd: Discontinuing UK and FR dial-in numbers for Zakim", ["0029.html"]], ["HCG feedback regarding the remaining Media Fragments issues", ["0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments URI 1.0 transitioning to CR", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: 20 July, Telecon *CANCELLED*", ["0037.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 06 July, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0003.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 13 July, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0031.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 27 July, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["minutes of 13/07/2011 phone conf 2011-07-13", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-07-06 teleconference", ["0015.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-07-27 teleconference", ["0044.html"]], ["Regrets for July 13", ["0030.html"]], ["removing loop attribute", ["0016.html"]], ["Review of TC0066-TC0094", ["0036.html"]], ["Review of test cases", ["0032.html", "0028.html"]], ["SVG point of view over the Media Fragments URI specification", ["0035.html", "0014.html"]], ["Test case review TC0027 - TC0065", ["0027.html", "0020.html", "0017.html"]], ["Upcoming W3C Media Fragments Telecon", ["0001.html"]], ["Use of 'behind' when referencing URI portions", ["0012.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]]], [["[foms] WebM Manifest", ["0016.html", "0013.html", "0008.html"]], ["action 217", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["ACTION-223: Test Cases for the UA for the temporal dimension", ["0050.html"]], ["ACTION-230: Questionnaire for splitting out the section 5.2 of the spec or not?", ["0059.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0047.html"]], ["Behaviour of Smart UAs vs. UAs that need server help in error cases", ["0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Build a Media Fragment URI Parser In JavaScript (ACTION-203)", ["0037.html", "0033.html"]], ["CfP: Special Session at MMM2010 on Multimedia Preservation: How to ensure multimedia access over time?", ["0046.html"]], ["Concerns about backwards compatibility of media fragments", ["0035.html"]], ["HTML5 Bugs status update", ["0044.html", "0038.html", "0034.html", "0031.html"]], ["Media Fragments / CSS / SVG issue", ["0060.html", "0055.html", "0051.html", "0049.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 15 June, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0010.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 22 June, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0036.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 29 June, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0052.html", "0048.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 8 June, Telecon *9 UTC*", ["0001.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-06-08 teleconference", ["0004.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-06-15 teleconference", ["0023.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-06-22 teleconference", ["0045.html"]], ["revisit the change from #id to #chapter addressing", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0009.html", "0003.html"]], ["Spec clarification (temporal addressing)", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["splitting HTTP section or not?", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Temporal media fragment for HTML media questions", ["0039.html"]], ["Test case for named and temporal fragment combination", ["0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Today's Phone Conf Cancelled", ["0058.html"]], ["Today's phoneconf cancelled", ["0000.html"]]], [["[css3-images] Features Overview", ["0076.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0025.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["a question about dimensions...", ["0023.html", "0013.html", "0009.html"]], ["ACTION-217", ["0000.html"]], ["Behaviour of Smart UAs vs. UAs that need server help in error cases", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Build a Media Fragment URI Parser In JavaScript (ACTION-203)", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Concerns about backwards compatibility of media fragments", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Fwd: [css3-images] Features Overview", ["0061.html"]], ["Fwd: Media fragments and the HTTPbis WG", ["0060.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 11 May, Telecon *9 UTC*", ["0055.html", "0054.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 18 May, Telecon is CANCELLED", ["0072.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-05-11 teleconference", ["0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0071.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0062.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0077.html"]], ["Regrets for the May 18 teleconference", ["0069.html"]], ["Temporal media fragment for HTML media questions", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0037.html"]], ["Test case for named and temporal fragment combination", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["xywh on images with no clearly defined size", ["0070.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0064.html", "0063.html"]]], [["CfP MMWeb2011 || Workshop on Multimedia on the Web (Graz, Austria) || Deadline: 30.04.", ["0062.html"]], ["Do we need to support media that doesn't start at 0?", ["0077.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0066.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["feedback on UA test cases", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 06 April, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0006.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 13 April, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0065.html", "0045.html", "0042.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-04-06 teleconference", ["0018.html", "0010.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-04-13 teleconference", ["0054.html"]], ["Multimedia Open source Competition @ ACM 2011", ["0075.html"]], ["Phoneconf Cancellation", ["0076.html", "0074.html", "0073.html"]], ["Precision of #xywh=percent:...", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["regrets (for a while)", ["0007.html"]], ["Regrets for the coming weeks", ["0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["Rounding with #xywh=percent:25,25,50,50", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0044.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["Temporal fragment parser tests", ["0038.html", "0015.html", "0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["test cases - questions and discussion points for tomorrow", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Test cases: invalid syntax vs. invalid semantics", ["0046.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0031.html"]], ["Today's PhoneConf cancelled ...", ["0067.html"]]], [["a question about dimensions...", ["0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["Build a Media Fragment URI Parser In JavaScript (ACTION-203)", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0002.html"]], ["CfP MMWeb2011 (@ iKnow2011/iSemantics2011) || Multimedia on the Web || SUBMISSION OPEN", ["0013.html"]], ["Discussion on bugs to send to HTML5 WG", ["0005.html"]], ["Fwd: [webandtv] W3C Issues Report on Web and Television Convergence!", ["0039.html"]], ["ISSUE-21 (Fragment by Reference): Expressing complex regions with a reference in Media Fragments URI", ["0026.html"]], ["LC Review of \"Media Fragments URI 1.0\" from MAWG", ["0003.html"]], ["Media Fragment URI used for HTML <video> multitrack feature", ["0028.html", "0025.html", "0021.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["Media Fragments URI Specification, 2nd Last Call published", ["0014.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 16 March, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 23 March, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0027.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: today's telecon canceled", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Minutes of 2011-03-16 teleconference", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-03-23 teleconference", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0029.html"]], ["REMINDER: Media Fragments Working Group Telecon 30 March is CANCELLED", ["0037.html"]], ["Resolving ISSUE-19", ["0004.html"]], ["Safari 5.0.4 ISO 8601 Date Parsing", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Test Cases review", ["0038.html"]], ["UA test case review", ["0040.html"]]], [["Discussion on bugs to send to HTML5 WG", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Fwd: [Bug 10723] support for media fragment URIs in relevant HTML5 elements", ["0001.html"]], ["LC Review of \"Media Fragments URI 1.0\" from MAWG", ["0004.html"]], ["media fragment URLs in web browsers", ["0003.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 02 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 16 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["MF Transitions to 2nd LCWD & Today's PhoneConf Cancelled", ["0022.html"]], ["Minutes of 2011-02-02 teleconference", ["0006.html"]], ["Minutes of 2011-02-16 teleconference", ["0014.html"]], ["Planning SIP service as replacement for FR/UK Zakim dial-in numbers", ["0010.html"]], ["Resolving ISSUE-19", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Tomorrow's telecon cancelled", ["0007.html"]], ["TPAC 2011", ["0009.html"]]], [["[whatwg] HTML5 video: frame accuracy / SMPTE", ["0026.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0013.html", "0009.html", "0003.html"]], ["ACTION-207: Poll regarding the fact that RTSP will be discussed in a separate note", ["0001.html"]], ["Build a Media Fragment URI Parser In JavaScript (ACTION-203)", ["0053.html", "0051.html", "0049.html"]], ["Framework for Test Cases", ["0025.html"]], ["Fwd: [Bug 10723] support for media fragment URIs in relevant HTML5 elements", ["0008.html"]], ["Fwd: [whatwg] HTML5 video: frame accuracy / SMPTE", ["0002.html"]], ["Joining the Media Fragment WG and contribution for the use cases of media fragments", ["0030.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["media fragment URLs in web browsers", ["0012.html", "0010.html", "0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 12 January, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0004.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 19 January, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 26 January, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0050.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-01-12 teleconference", ["0014.html", "0007.html"]], ["minutes of 2011-01-19 teleconference", ["0034.html", "0031.html"]], ["Participation in upcoming telecon", ["0052.html", "0024.html", "0015.html", "0011.html"]], ["RTSP appendix (ACTION-210)", ["0048.html", "0043.html", "0035.html", "0033.html"]], ["Video cropping demo", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0032.html"]]], [["ACTION 192 and 195", ["0003.html"]], ["ACTION-194: \"Add an intro paragraph in the section 5 to explain which recipes is useful for which dimension\"", ["0004.html"]], ["ACTION-198: Edit section 7.1 for taking into account the cropping resolution", ["0005.html"]], ["ACTION-199, ACTION-200 and ISSUE-19", ["0035.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["ACTION-201: Write a paragraph, note to developers, that they can easily implement a javascript to forward the hash on the URI to the video element (Media Fragments Working Group)", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ACTION-202: draft the paragraph that the group will propose to HTML5 regarding how the control of media fragment URI should be done", ["0014.html", "0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["ACTION-207: Poll regarding the fact that RTSP will be discussed in a separate note", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0026.html"]], ["Best Wishes: Next Telecon will be on 2011/01/12", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Fwd: [Bug 10723] support for media fragment URIs in relevant HTML5 elements", ["0037.html"]], ["LC Comment: Spatial fragment behavior", ["0013.html"]], ["Media annotations requirements draft", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 08 December, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 15 December, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0034.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-12-01 teleconference", ["0008.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-12-08 teleconference", ["0022.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]]], [["7th F2F meeting @TPAC: minutes for the 2 days", ["0027.html"]], ["ACTION 192 and 195", ["0042.html", "0040.html"]], ["ACTION-181 - escaping as defined by URI spec", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ACTION-201: Write a paragraph, note to developers, that they can easily implement a javascript to forward the hash on the URI to the video element (Media Fragments Working Group)", ["0044.html"]], ["ISSUE-20: Create a IETF draft at CR stage explaining what the media fragment semantics will be for video/*, image/*, audio/*", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Joining the Media Fragments WG", ["0020.html", "0017.html"]], ["LC Comment: Spatial fragment behavior", ["0043.html"]], ["media fragment URI use on web pages", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["Media Fragments URI specification and HTML5: call for review", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0002.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 01 December, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 November, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 November, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0024.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 November, Telecon 1000 UTC (with Agenda)", ["0029.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 24 November, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-11-17 teleconference", ["0035.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-11-24 teleconference", ["0041.html"]], ["Moving forward on ISSUE-19", ["0008.html"]], ["on grammars and parsing algorithm", ["0015.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Tomorrow's telecon cancelled", ["0016.html"]], ["use of media fragment URI for web video chat", ["0032.html", "0021.html", "0007.html"]]], [["[Reminder] Registration for the W3C Advisory Committee Meeting, All Groups Meeting and Technical Plenary 1-5 November 2010", ["0017.html", "0010.html"]], ["ACTION-187: extensibility and parsing", ["0026.html", "0023.html", "0012.html", "0007.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["apologies for meeting later today", ["0041.html", "0039.html"]], ["Expressing complex regions with media fragments - use cases + possible solution", ["0011.html"]], ["Fwd: is it possible to handle an XML/HTML elements attribute via the URI?", ["0042.html"]], ["LC Review of \"Media Fragments URI 1.0\" from MAWG", ["0000.html"]], ["media fragment URI use on web pages", ["0043.html"]], ["Media Fragments in Opera", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 06 October, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0003.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 13 October, Telecon 0900 UTC *CANCELLED*", ["0006.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 20 October, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0022.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-10-06 teleconference", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-10-20 teleconference", ["0020.html"]], ["No Telecon on this Wed 27/10/2010", ["0040.html"]]], [["ACTION-186: percent encoding and JavaScript", ["0057.html"]], ["ACTION-187: extensibility and parsing", ["0084.html", "0080.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["ACTION-188: W3C TPAC - registration and attending the Media Fragment f2f meeting", ["0083.html"]], ["Expressing complex regions with media fragments - use cases + possible solution", ["0039.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Fwd: Timeline to Last Call", ["0058.html"]], ["Media Fragment Question", ["0078.html", "0074.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 08 September, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0009.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 15 September, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0046.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 22 September, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 29 September, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0079.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-09-08 teleconference", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0023.html", "0010.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-09-15 teleconference", ["0050.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-09-22 teleconference", ["0054.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-09-29 teleconference", ["0082.html", "0081.html"]], ["The application/www-form-urlencoded format", ["0073.html"]], ["Timeline to Last Call", ["0085.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["TPAC participants and registration", ["0049.html"]], ["Working with HTML WG at TPAC", ["0069.html", "0062.html"]]], [["ABNF for name-value pairs", ["0005.html"]], ["Fwd: [whatwg] Built-in image sprite support in HTML5", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Fwd: your thoughts appreciated", ["0002.html"]], ["HTTP streaming optimization Problem Statement", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["LC period of the Ontology and API drafts", ["0009.html"]], ["your thoughts appreciated", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["Fragments by Reference rather than Value", ["0010.html"]], ["ISSUE-19 (parsing): Parsing must be defined normatively in the MF spec itself", ["0021.html"]], ["Media Fragment Firefox plugin", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Media Fragment Question", ["0019.html"]], ["Media Fragments URI parsing: pseudo algorithm code", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 07 July, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0023.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-07-07 teleconference", ["0030.html"]], ["Screencast", ["0038.html"]], ["updated parsing code and grammar", ["0041.html"]]], [["206 and extra headers", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["6th F2F meeting: minutes for the 2 days", ["0033.html", "0030.html"]], ["a quick scan of RTSP for media fragments", ["0098.html", "0091.html", "0089.html", "0084.html", "0082.html", "0080.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0075.html", "0065.html"]], ["ACTION-156 -- Conrad Parker to add a \"bandwidth conservation use case\"", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["ACTION-165: draft for a talk proposal at Open Video Conference", ["0005.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ACTION-178: Review the complete document, remove unnecessary editorial notes before publication (Media Fragments Working Group)", ["0064.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0055.html", "0053.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html"]], ["ACTION-179: address RTSP handling, pointing to the wiki page for the processing, making sure the syntax is stated to be generic", ["0067.html"]], ["ACTION-180: Add the WebM codec into our fitting table", ["0076.html", "0073.html", "0070.html", "0066.html"]], ["ACTION-182: Include summary into wiki page (Media Fragments Working Group)", ["0096.html"]], ["Cancellation of today's PhoneConf", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["F2F - The hotel is full:-(", ["0016.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["firefox plugin screencasts", ["0062.html", "0057.html", "0044.html", "0042.html"]], ["grammar extraction", ["0049.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["How to tell when to send a Range header for a media fragment request?", ["0100.html"]], ["ISSUE-17: Media Fragment track names and IRIs", ["0027.html"]], ["ISSUE-18 (rtsp): RTSP processing of Media Fragments URI", ["0063.html"]], ["Media Fragment Question", ["0105.html", "0099.html"]], ["Media Fragments telecon during the summer", ["0094.html"]], ["Media Fragments URI parsing: pseudo algorithm code", ["0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0097.html", "0095.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0088.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0083.html", "0028.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 09 June, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0008.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 23 June, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0052.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 30 June, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0087.html", "0081.html"]], ["mediafragment track names and IRIs.", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0056.html", "0054.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Meet up tonight? Tomorrow morning?", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-06-30 teleconference", ["0090.html"]], ["Minutes of today's (02/06/2010) PhoneConf", ["0003.html"]], ["OVC 2010 Talk accepted", ["0079.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["WWW/2008/WebVideo/Fragments/WD-media-fragments-reqs overview.xml,1.89,1.90", ["0074.html", "0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["WWW/2008/WebVideo/Fragments/WD-media-fragments-spec overview.xml,1.92,1.93", ["0026.html", "0024.html"]]], [["[whatwg] Built-in image sprite support in HTML5", ["0077.html", "0075.html"]], ["ABNF for HTTP headers", ["0051.html", "0046.html", "0040.html"]], ["ACTION-123: Silvia to come up with ABNF for header syntax - FINISHED", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0049.html", "0041.html"]], ["ACTION-137 -- Check that section 5.2 is implementable using the protocol", ["0047.html"]], ["ACTION-146 -- Identify and add in corrib any missing test cases for temporal fragments", ["0048.html"]], ["Action-154", ["0032.html", "0027.html"]], ["ACTION-156 -- Conrad Parker to add a \"bandwidth conservation use case\"", ["0044.html"]], ["ACTION-162: Practical information for the 6th F2F meeting", ["0043.html"]], ["ACTION-163: Send a resolution on handling non-existing or illegal fragments", ["0035.html", "0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["Automatic test framework for media fragment servers", ["0069.html", "0067.html"]], ["Fwd: [whatwg] Built-in image sprite support in HTML5", ["0063.html", "0061.html"]], ["Google launches open WebM web video format based on VP8", ["0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Lack of presence in telecon, Action re-allocation, Editorship policy", ["0026.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 02 June, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0079.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 05 May, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0005.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 12 May, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0030.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 19 May, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0037.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 26 May, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0076.html", "0074.html"]], ["Minutes of 2010-05-12 teleconference", ["0025.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-05-19 teleconference", ["0042.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-05-26 teleconference", ["0078.html"]], ["No phonebridge, so another cancellation", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Notify user agent available fragment", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Short minutes from last week telecon", ["0024.html"]], ["SMPTE time codes - error in example or ABNF specification.", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Test Cases: moving forward", ["0073.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0050.html", "0045.html", "0036.html", "0034.html"]]], [["ACTION-158: Exhaustive list of Test Cases for the temporal dimension in the Media Fragment URI", ["0057.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Media Fragments Talk to the W3C Semantic Web Coordination Group", ["0019.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["media fragments versioning mechanism?", ["0044.html", "0042.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 07 April, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0009.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 14 April, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0022.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 28 April, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0059.html", "0055.html"]], ["MF phoneconf cancellation", ["0040.html"]], ["Minutes of 2010-04-14 teleconference", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Multiple ranges in the same HTTP request.", ["0054.html", "0052.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["No phonebridge, so another cancellation", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0061.html", "0060.html"]], ["plan for getting media type registrations updated w.r.t. media fragments?", ["0067.html", "0058.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0039.html"]], ["REMINDER: 3 doodle polls to fill", ["0053.html", "0051.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["short report of 2010-03-31 teleconference", ["0001.html"]], ["short report of 2010-04-07 teleconference + 3 polls + 1 Transition Request", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0010.html"]], ["Terminology: fragment identifier part of an URI?", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0056.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["W3C TPAC2010 Meeting Schedule: 1-5 November, Lyon, France", ["0000.html"]]], [["5th F2F Meeting Agenda", ["0050.html"]], ["5th F2F meeting: first day summary", ["0074.html"]], ["5th F2F meeting: second day summary", ["0104.html", "0103.html", "0099.html", "0094.html"]], ["5th F2F meeting: second day summary)", ["0116.html", "0114.html", "0110.html"]], ["[ERRATA] Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 March, Telecon *0900 UTC*", ["0111.html", "0108.html", "0106.html"]], ["ACTION-141 done: clarify the role of the UA for rendering a media fragment", ["0056.html"]], ["ACTION-143 done", ["0049.html"]], ["ACTION-144 done", ["0053.html"]], ["ACTION-155: Figures illustrating URI fragment Resolution in HTTP", ["0140.html", "0139.html", "0137.html", "0136.html", "0134.html", "0132.html", "0130.html", "0126.html", "0125.html"]], ["ACTION-158: Exhaustive list of Test Cases for the temporal dimension in the Media Fragment URI", ["0159.html", "0156.html", "0154.html", "0153.html", "0122.html", "0121.html", "0119.html"]], ["ACTION-220 to Investigate into the \"wttjs\" tool to transform WebIDL example into testsuite", ["0147.html", "0146.html", "0145.html"]], ["bandwidth conservation use case, objection to use of Range for non-byte sections", ["0088.html", "0087.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0065.html", "0063.html", "0061.html"]], ["CANCEL: Media Fragments Working Group 24 March, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0144.html", "0138.html", "0135.html", "0133.html", "0131.html"]], ["CANCEL: Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 March, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0118.html"]], ["Formatting of the minutes", ["0012.html", "0005.html", "0001.html"]], ["Issue of combining multiple dimensions", ["0100.html"]], ["ISSUE-15: Which def should we take?", ["0018.html"]], ["ISSUE-16: Combining axis is probably not going to be done by LC, but we should write somewhere that this is doable", ["0058.html"]], ["Media Fragment validation service", ["0097.html", "0072.html", "0069.html", "0057.html"]], ["Media Fragments Home page updated", ["0009.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 03 March, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0006.html", "0003.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 March, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0120.html", "0117.html", "0115.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0109.html", "0107.html", "0105.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 31 March, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0158.html", "0152.html", "0151.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: availability this week?", ["0129.html", "0128.html", "0127.html"]], ["minutes from yesterday and some fixes", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0073.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0064.html", "0062.html", "0060.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-03-03 teleconference", ["0019.html"]], ["Objection to use of Range for non-byte sections (from Conrad)", ["0071.html", "0067.html"]], ["Percent encoding", ["0029.html", "0027.html", "0022.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["publication of Media Fragments URI 1.0 as a WD", ["0143.html", "0142.html", "0141.html"]], ["Ran into a problem with corrib...", ["0086.html", "0059.html"]], ["Segment production rule", ["0101.html", "0093.html", "0091.html", "0090.html"]], ["short report of 2010-03-31 teleconference", ["0157.html", "0155.html"]], ["Spec layering: name-value pairs and beyond", ["0102.html", "0098.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0092.html", "0089.html", "0082.html"]], ["The problem of having multiple Content-Range headers in HTTP response", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Track fragments", ["0055.html", "0054.html"]], ["Update your stylesheet before generating a new HTML version of the spec", ["0124.html", "0123.html"]], ["user of media fragments", ["0150.html", "0149.html", "0148.html"]], ["W3C TPAC2010 Meeting Schedule: 1-5 November, Lyon, France", ["0052.html", "0051.html"]]], [["ABNF or code fragments?", ["0086.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["Actions 138 & 139", ["0041.html", "0039.html"]], ["dropping 's' and quoting of strings", ["0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0065.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["Formatting of the minutes", ["0092.html"]], ["marking some sections as \"ready for implementation\"", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Media fragments Working Group is Extended foa a year", ["0024.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 10 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0017.html", "0013.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0037.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 24 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0073.html", "0072.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 3 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-02-03 teleconference", ["0051.html", "0012.html"]], ["Minutes of 2010-02-10 teleconference", ["0022.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-02-17 teleconference", ["0052.html"]], ["Minutes of 2010-02-24 teleconference", ["0087.html"]], ["Percent encoding", ["0093.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0085.html"]], ["Protocol Time-sequence Diagrams (resolving action 133)", ["0023.html", "0021.html", "0016.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0032.html"]], ["Track fragments", ["0066.html", "0064.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]]], [["[Fwd: [closed] [Fwd: weird characters in spec]]", ["0105.html", "0102.html"]], ["Aligning NPT syntax with RTSP", ["0119.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0114.html", "0103.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0094.html", "0092.html", "0090.html", "0086.html"]], ["AW: Temporal fragments of media with time stamps", ["0030.html"]], ["Feedback from FOMS", ["0123.html", "0121.html", "0120.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0108.html", "0106.html", "0104.html", "0099.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0091.html", "0089.html", "0087.html", "0085.html", "0083.html", "0081.html", "0077.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["First next phoneconf MF only 13/01/10 !!!", ["0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["ISSUE-14 (davy): How to deal with embedded time stamps", ["0107.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 13 January, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0016.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 20 January, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0052.html", "0049.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 27 January, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0072.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0064.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-01-13 teleconference", ["0037.html", "0019.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-01-20 teleconference", ["0067.html", "0053.html", "0051.html"]], ["minutes of 2010-01-27 teleconference", ["0088.html"]], ["Next F2F MF", ["0101.html", "0100.html", "0054.html", "0050.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0032.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Procesing requirements", ["0076.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0034.html"]], ["Processing requirements", ["0035.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["spec review", ["0084.html", "0082.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0074.html", "0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["Syntax errors in ABNF of Media Fragments URI", ["0093.html"]], ["Temporal fragments of media with time stamps", ["0075.html", "0063.html", "0061.html", "0059.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0042.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["weird characters in spec", ["0073.html", "0065.html"]], ["Zakim reservation for MFWG F2F March 8-9", ["0122.html"]]], [["!Last phonecall before publication (be part of it)! - Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 16 December, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["ACTION-112 follow-up: Conrad's vs current's proposal for Media Fragment Processing", ["0049.html", "0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0022.html"]], ["ACTION-112: Digest of Conrad's vs Current's proposal for Media Fragment processing", ["0048.html", "0018.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0008.html"]], ["Cancellation of today's phoneconf", ["0035.html"]], ["Extending the Media Fragments WG", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["last issues in the", ["0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["Media Fragment validation service", ["0070.html", "0068.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 02 December, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 09 December, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0033.html", "0027.html"]], ["Minor comment wrt publishing your drafts", ["0002.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-11-25 teleconference", ["0006.html", "0001.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-12-02 teleconference", ["0020.html"]], ["Next Media Fragments F2F meeting: finding a date and a location", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Next MF phoneconf will be 06/01/2010", ["0071.html", "0069.html"]], ["Processing requirements", ["0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Regrets for tomorrow's teleconf (assuming there is one)", ["0000.html"]], ["Transition Announcement from the Media Fragments Working Group for \"Media Fragments 1.0\" 1st WD", ["0067.html"]], ["Update of Acknowledgements part", ["0064.html", "0063.html"]], ["working over section 5 of the specification", ["0050.html"]]], [["(very short) minutes of 2009-11-18 teleconference", ["0013.html"]], ["[CANCELED] Media Fragments Working Group: 21 October Telecon", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ACTION-117: Review of Section 3 of the Specification Document", ["0012.html"]], ["Discovery of track and named fragment names", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Follow-up raised issue during phoneconf 25/11/09", ["0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Media fragment parsing", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Media Fragments 4th F2F Meeting: questionnaire - 23/02-25/02/2010? Seoul (Korea)?", ["0017.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: 11 November Telecon", ["0003.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 18 November, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 25 November, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["Minor comment wrt publishing your drafts", ["0005.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-09-30 teleconference", ["0006.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-10-07 teleconference", ["0007.html"]], ["Summary of Media Annotations WG 5th F2F in Santa Clara", ["0004.html"]], ["Yet another syntax for temporal media fragment", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]]], [["[CANCELED] Media Fragments Working Group: 14 October Telecon", ["0009.html"]], ["[CANCELED] Media Fragments Working Group: 21 October Telecon", ["0015.html"]], ["[CANCELED] Media Fragments Working Group: 28 October Telecon", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 07 October, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["open annotation / media fragments", ["0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Regrets for this week's teleconf", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["SAMT 2009: Call for Participation", ["0011.html"]]], [["4th Face to Face meeting: proposed agenda", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["call for exclusion periods for Fragment WG", ["0149.html"]], ["example use case", ["0087.html"]], ["Fourth F2F meeting Agenda: reminder", ["0086.html"]], ["fragment or sub-resources", ["0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["fragment or sub-resources)", ["0123.html", "0122.html", "0120.html", "0118.html"]], ["Fwd: change \"URL\" to \"web address\" throughout the HTML 5 spec (Issue-56 urls-webarch)", ["0033.html", "0028.html", "0024.html"]], ["great news from YouTube on frag addressing", ["0146.html", "0145.html", "0144.html", "0137.html", "0132.html", "0121.html", "0119.html", "0117.html"]], ["HTTP Live Streaming: IETF draft from Apple", ["0034.html"]], ["Integrated web page with Davy's and my example", ["0113.html", "0111.html", "0105.html", "0104.html"]], ["ISSUE-11 (Duration-header): How the UA knows the full media duration when only a fragment is served?", ["0015.html", "0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["Media Fragment Weekly Telecon: new time slot", ["0128.html"]], ["Media Fragment Weekly Telecon: new time slot proposal", ["0127.html", "0126.html", "0125.html", "0124.html", "0106.html", "0103.html"]], ["Media Fragments WG status", ["0059.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 2 September, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0006.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 23 September, Telecon 0900 UTC *NEW HOUR*", ["0129.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 30 September, Telecon 0900 UTC *NEW HOUR*", ["0155.html", "0151.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 9 September, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0041.html", "0037.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0025.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 9 September, Telecon 1200 UTC)", ["0096.html"]], ["MFWG charter extension and milestones.", ["0136.html", "0131.html", "0130.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-09-02 teleconference", ["0011.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-09-09 teleconference", ["0042.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-09-17 F2F meeting, Day 1", ["0148.html", "0097.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-09-17 F2F meeting, Day 1)", ["0135.html", "0133.html", "0115.html", "0112.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-09-18 F2F meeting, Day 2", ["0134.html", "0110.html", "0102.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-09-23 teleconference", ["0147.html", "0143.html", "0142.html", "0141.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-09-30 teleconference", ["0156.html"]], ["Multiple Range headers in an HTTP request", ["0072.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0058.html"]], ["NinSuna status update", ["0154.html", "0153.html", "0152.html", "0150.html"]], ["on the requirements and specifications documents", ["0116.html"]], ["Range syntax", ["0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0074.html", "0057.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Reference implementation for temporal media fragments", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["updated server-parsed fragment wiki page", ["0140.html", "0139.html", "0138.html", "0114.html", "0109.html", "0098.html"]], ["Using Hurl for debugging your Media Fragment App", ["0107.html", "0092.html"]], ["video aspect use case", ["0075.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0061.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0038.html"]], ["Virtual F2F meeting", ["0073.html", "0071.html"]], ["workshop on Accessible Media]", ["0108.html", "0093.html"]], ["Zakim for the next virtual Media Frag F2F", ["0050.html"]]], [["ACTION-76 : Question if MPEG-21 Part 17 got registered on IANA as a media mime type for fragments", ["0096.html", "0095.html", "0092.html", "0088.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0080.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0074.html"]], ["ACTION-84: Summarize the info from Jean Pierre, and mail it to the group [SMPTE MXF editUnit Spec]", ["0038.html", "0036.html", "0031.html", "0029.html"]], ["ACTION-88 optional comma and ambiguity in syntax.", ["0008.html"]], ["Call for comments on MAWG Terminology", ["0020.html"]], ["Cancellation of today's phoneconf ... it's Holiday season allright :(", ["0002.html"]], ["change \"URL\" to \"web address\" ...)", ["0068.html", "0066.html"]], ["change \"URL\" to \"web address\" throughout the HTML 5 spec (Issue-56 urls-webarch)", ["0064.html"]], ["code for specification", ["0037.html", "0033.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["feedback on use cases and requirements", ["0081.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0075.html", "0073.html", "0056.html", "0048.html", "0045.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0032.html", "0030.html"]], ["Fwd: [whatwg] Remove addCueRange/removeCueRanges", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0052.html", "0016.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Fwd: change \"URL\" to \"web address\" throughout the HTML 5 spec (Issue-56 urls-webarch)", ["0063.html", "0061.html", "0057.html", "0050.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0044.html"]], ["Fwd: video size when aspect ratio is not 1", ["0067.html", "0065.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0053.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0043.html"]], ["great news from YouTube on frag addressing", ["0069.html"]], ["HTTP Live Streaming: IETF draft from Apple", ["0094.html"]], ["Implementation Experiments: new wiki page", ["0017.html"]], ["ISSUE-11 (Duration-header): How the UA knows the full media duration when only a fragment is served?", ["0087.html", "0025.html", "0015.html"]], ["ISSUE-12 (Image-sprite): What's the relationship between Images (CSS) Sprites and the spatial dimension of the Media Fragments URI scheme?", ["0026.html"]], ["ISSUE-13 (fragment-iana-registration): Write a IETF draft for proposing how to register the fragment scheme for all media types", ["0034.html"]], ["ISSUE-3 (mhausenblas): Does our MF URI syntax imlpy that we need to update MIME Type registrations?", ["0035.html"]], ["Media Fragments (Virtual) 4th F2F meeting", ["0091.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 12 August, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0003.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 19 August, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 26 August, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 5 August, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["MF implementation with python-gst", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-08-12 teleconference", ["0093.html", "0090.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-08-19 teleconference", ["0024.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-08-26 teleconference", ["0089.html"]], ["Regrets: Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 12 August, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0007.html"]]], [["2009-07-21 meeting minutes", ["0025.html"]], ["ACTION-65 completed", ["0024.html"]], ["ACTION-76 : Question if MPEG-21 Part 17 got registered on IANA as a media mime type for fragments", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0019.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["ACTION-84: Summarize the info from Jean Pierre, and mail it to the group [SMPTE MXF editUnit Spec]", ["0018.html"]], ["ACTION-87 completed", ["0021.html"]], ["ACTION-88 optional comma and ambiguity in syntax.", ["0038.html", "0020.html"]], ["Availability during Holiday Season", ["0005.html"]], ["Cancellation of today's phoneconf", ["0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["failure and fallback examples", ["0000.html"]], ["feedback on use cases and requirements", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 15 July, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 22 July, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 29 July, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Range request and transcoding.", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Today's Phoneconf : last minute cancellation (unfortunately)", ["0007.html"]], ["Today's PhoneConf cancelled", ["0004.html"]]], [["[Fwd: Last Call Announcement: DFXP 1.0]", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["ABNF parser C code generator", ["0006.html"]], ["ACTION-63: Expanded HTTP examples", ["0031.html", "0028.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0012.html"]], ["apologies for this week's teleconf", ["0000.html"]], ["Fwd: [Fwd: Last Call Announcement: DFXP 1.0]", ["0004.html"]], ["Image sprites", ["0014.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Invite browser vendors to our working group", ["0026.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: 3 June telecon is CANCELLED", ["0001.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 10 June, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 June, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 June, Telecon 1200 UTC (postponed)", ["0016.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 24 June, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Range request and transcoding.", ["0032.html"]], ["SAMT 2009 Call for Contributions - Short Paper Deadline EXTENDED, Call for Industry Day Speaking Proposals", ["0005.html"]]], [["ACTION on empty response handling ( TC0002-0007)", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Call for comments on MAWG Terminology", ["0050.html", "0046.html"]], ["Description of the 2-ways and the 4-ways handshake", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["feedback on today's teleconf", ["0047.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0036.html"]], ["Fwd: [whatwg] <video>/<audio> feedback", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["HTTP Status Code for TC returning EMPTY", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0044.html"]], ["ISSUE-10 (MF TC): Media Fragments Test Case Maintenance", ["0037.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: 06 May Telecon CANCELED", ["0006.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: 27 May telecon is CANCELLED", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 13 May, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 20 May, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-04-29 teleconference", ["0027.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-05-13 teleconference", ["0028.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-05-20 teleconference", ["0040.html"]], ["new TimedText WD", ["0030.html"]], ["RE\u00a0: video annotation", ["0011.html"]], ["SAMT 2009 Call for Contributions - Paper Deadline EXTENDED", ["0026.html"]], ["Use cases and requirements for Media Fragments: FPWD published", ["0005.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["video annotation", ["0013.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0002.html"]]], [["[comment] Use cases and requirements for Media Fragments: Chapters 3, 4, 5", ["0085.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0050.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0030.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["[MF-TC] Setup", ["0165.html", "0164.html", "0163.html", "0162.html", "0161.html", "0159.html", "0135.html"]], ["[Transition Request] for \"Use cases and requirements for Media Fragments\"", ["0168.html", "0148.html", "0124.html"]], ["Action 53 - Check whether ffmpeg can be used from clipping and cropping", ["0023.html"]], ["ACTION-78: wiki page centralizing all WG resolutions", ["0167.html", "0166.html"]], ["Call for action re TAG WD", ["0140.html"]], ["Call for Contributions: SAMT 2009 - 4th International Conference on Semantic and Digital Media Technologies", ["0096.html"]], ["Dates for Amsterdam meeting", ["0142.html"]], ["Description of the 2-ways and the 4-ways handshake", ["0154.html", "0139.html", "0137.html", "0134.html", "0131.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Dinner on wednesday night, anyone?", ["0121.html", "0114.html", "0102.html", "0101.html"]], ["Discovery and fallback for media segment addressing over HTTP", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0043.html", "0039.html", "0002.html"]], ["Feedback on edits to sections 1-5 of WD", ["0089.html", "0087.html", "0083.html"]], ["General remarks on the current state of the WD", ["0088.html", "0086.html", "0084.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["ISSUE 67: edit units spec", ["0155.html"]], ["ISSUE-5: Handling spatial cropping requires information at client-side", ["0021.html"]], ["ISSUE-6: Temporal clips that require transcoding", ["0029.html"]], ["ISSUE-7 (UA MF resolution): User Agent Media Fragment Resolution", ["0157.html", "0149.html", "0126.html"]], ["ISSUE-8 (MF WG decisions): Missing collection of MF WG decisions", ["0150.html", "0128.html"]], ["Media Fragment F2F meeting in Barcelona: logistics", ["0068.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group welcome a new member: Opera", ["0122.html", "0120.html", "0119.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 01 April, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 08 April, Telecon 1200 UTC *NEW HOUR*", ["0049.html", "0035.html", "0019.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 29 April, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0158.html", "0147.html", "0146.html"]], ["Media URLs in WD", ["0066.html", "0063.html", "0062.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-04-01 teleconference", ["0006.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-04-08 teleconference", ["0067.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-04-29 teleconference", ["0160.html"]], ["minutes of Barcelona 3rd F2F meeting (2009-04-16/17)", ["0145.html"]], ["Naming suggestion: single/dual roundtrip for 2-way/4-way handshake", ["0092.html", "0074.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html"]], ["Publication Schedule for the Media Fragment FPWD", ["0007.html"]], ["Results of the media type review regarding fragment identifier (semantics)", ["0156.html", "0152.html", "0151.html", "0136.html", "0133.html", "0130.html", "0125.html"]], ["Review of section 6", ["0099.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0073.html"]], ["Review of section 7", ["0108.html", "0107.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0100.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0075.html"]], ["Review of section 8", ["0117.html", "0115.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0106.html", "0076.html"]], ["Should we consider the user?", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Someone to review my WD chapter?", ["0051.html", "0044.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["taxi, dinner in Barcelona tomorrow?, etc.", ["0116.html"]], ["Third F2F Meeting: draft agenda", ["0065.html"]], ["Use cases and requirements for Media Fragments: Chapter 8", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0032.html"]], ["Use cases and requirements for Media Fragments: next step for publication", ["0123.html", "0118.html"]], ["Use cases and requirements for Media Fragments: WD unlocked", ["0064.html"]], ["User Agent Media Fragment Resolution and Processing", ["0153.html", "0138.html", "0132.html", "0129.html", "0127.html"]], ["video annotation", ["0144.html", "0143.html", "0141.html"]]], [["3rd Face to Face meeting: proposed agenda", ["0060.html"]], ["[Fwd: US clocks move to Summer Time Sunday, 8 March]", ["0010.html"]], ["ABNF for fragment syntax", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Action 53 - Check whether ffmpeg can be used from clipping and cropping", ["0080.html", "0079.html", "0065.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["ACTION-46 fragment grammar verification", ["0054.html"]], ["Description of the 2-ways and the 4-ways handshake", ["0090.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0021.html"]], ["HTTP headers", ["0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["ISSUE-4 (nessy): Should we pre-define some track names?", ["0013.html"]], ["Linked Media: Weaving non-textual content into the semantic web", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 01 April, Telecon 0900 UTC", ["0089.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 04 March, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 11 March, Telecon 0900 UTC: ONE HOUR EARLIER !!!", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 11 March, Telecon 0900 UTC: ONE HOUR EARLIER !!!)", ["0037.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 18 March, Telecon 0900 UTC: ONE HOUR EARLIER !!!", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 25 March, Telecon 0900 UTC: ONE HOUR EARLIER !!!", ["0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-03-04 teleconference", ["0012.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-03-11 teleconference", ["0039.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-03-25 teleconference", ["0067.html", "0059.html"]], ["Minutes of today's (18/03/09) phone conference", ["0053.html"]], ["More issues with non-transcoding", ["0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["More syntax issues", ["0086.html", "0077.html", "0075.html"]], ["Nifty ABNF tool, and error in ABNF syntax", ["0076.html", "0074.html"]], ["Problem with percentage-based image cropping", ["0085.html"]], ["requirement section", ["0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Should we create issues for things that came out of action-53?", ["0088.html", "0081.html"]], ["Syntax: Top Level Production Rule (Poll open)", ["0014.html"]], ["Timecodes that are not zero-based", ["0087.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0078.html", "0066.html"]], ["Transcoding (was: Action 53 - Check whether ffmpeg can be used from clipping and cropping)", ["0070.html", "0064.html"]], ["Use Cases and Requirements Wiki page updated", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0000.html"]], ["Working Draft: Use cases and requirements for Media Fragments", ["0002.html"]]], [["3rd F2F meeting in Barcelona", ["0046.html"]], ["ABNF for fragment syntax", ["0084.html", "0083.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0076.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0070.html", "0066.html", "0064.html"]], ["Action-28: updated syntax document with time formats", ["0082.html", "0069.html", "0032.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0013.html"]], ["ACTION-37: proposed text to close ISSUE-1", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Annulation of this week's phone conf", ["0063.html"]], ["CVS access to WWW/2008/WebVideo/Fragments/", ["0000.html"]], ["Feb 13 Hypertext CG: Topic will be Test Suites", ["0031.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["ISSUE-2 (Raphael): What is the mime type of a media fragment? What is its relation with its parent resource?", ["0022.html"]], ["just came across webcgm", ["0081.html", "0077.html"]], ["Media Fragments Talk @ Semantic Web Coordination Group", ["0042.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 04 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0009.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 11 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0047.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 25 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0068.html", "0067.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 81 February, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["Minutes of 2009-02-04 telecon", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-02-11 teleconference", ["0051.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-02-25 teleconference", ["0071.html"]], ["Proposed text to close ISSUE-2", ["0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Regrets for next teleconf", ["0065.html"]], ["regrets for this weeks phoneconf", ["0057.html"]], ["Relevant Protocols for Media Fragments", ["0050.html", "0038.html"]], ["Review of 'Use Cases and Requirements for Ontology and API for Media Object 1.0', Working Draft 19 January 2009", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0030.html", "0027.html", "0019.html", "0003.html"]], ["Use Cases and Requirements Wiki page updated", ["0075.html"]], ["useful units (ACTION-27)", ["0012.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["Automatic ISSUE email from the tracker", ["0094.html", "0093.html"]], ["CVS access to WWW/2008/WebVideo/Fragments/", ["0098.html", "0096.html"]], ["Happy NY & Today's PhoneConf is cancelled", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Innovid Launches New Form Of Video Advertising: The Clickable Canvas", ["0032.html"]], ["Invited Expert in the W3C Media Fragments Working Group ?", ["0097.html"]], ["ISSUE-1 (Raphael): Combining Media Fragment URI with other time-clipping methods", ["0089.html"]], ["ISSUE-1: Combining Media Fragment URI with other time-clipping methods", ["0076.html", "0070.html", "0067.html", "0041.html", "0039.html"]], ["ISSUE-2 (Raphael): What is the mime type of a media fragment? What is its relation with its parent resource?", ["0088.html"]], ["ISSUE-2: What is the mime type of a media fragment? What is its relation with its parent resource?", ["0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0077.html", "0075.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0069.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0040.html"]], ["ISSUE-3 (mhausenblas): Does our MF URI syntax imlpy that we need to update MIME Type registrations?", ["0090.html"]], ["ISSUE-3: Does our MF URI syntax imply that we need to update MIME Type registrations?", ["0092.html", "0091.html", "0087.html", "0084.html"]], ["Media Fragment URI Syntax: 3 polls now open", ["0086.html", "0083.html", "0074.html", "0068.html", "0062.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 21 January, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 28 January, Telecon 1000 UTC", ["0061.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-01-14 teleconference", ["0023.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-01-21 teleconference", ["0024.html"]], ["minutes of 2009-01-28 teleconference", ["0085.html"]], ["minutes of Ghent 2nd F2F meeting (2008-12-09/10)", ["0022.html"]], ["Minutes on the website aren't up to date", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Relevant Protocols for Media Fragments", ["0078.html", "0011.html"]], ["Reminder: Media annotations WG requirements document review", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Review of 'Use Cases and Requirements for Ontology and API for Media Object 1.0', Working Draft 19 January 2009", ["0095.html"]], ["Today's Phone Conf will go through as expected", ["0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Why we need SMPTE timecodes to do frame-accurate processing", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]]], [["ACTION-26", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Availability for F2F meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Backwards compatibility and the use cases and requirements draft", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["byte-range redirection", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Combining media fragments with other time-clipping methods", ["0011.html", "0008.html", "0000.html"]], ["Media annotations requirements draft", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: 17 December Telecon is CANCELED", ["0026.html", "0024.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 03 December, Telecon 10:00 UTC", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Minutes of today's (03/12/08) phone conference", ["0006.html"]], ["need to escape \"/\" in a fragment of a URI", ["0009.html"]], ["Review: Use Case & Requirements Draft", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0010.html", "0007.html"]], ["Smooth Streaming", ["0016.html"]]], [["(very short :) minutes of today's phoneconference", ["0060.html", "0057.html"]], ["[squid-core] W3C media fragments working group", ["0005.html"]], ["Byte ranges and time ranges", ["0063.html", "0061.html", "0049.html"]], ["byte-range redirection", ["0110.html", "0109.html"]], ["changes to use cases & requirements doc", ["0046.html"]], ["Combining media fragments with other time-clipping methods", ["0112.html", "0107.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0099.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html"]], ["Combining media fragments with other time-clipping methods)", ["0113.html", "0111.html", "0108.html"]], ["FYI: blog post", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0067.html", "0047.html"]], ["Introduction", ["0100.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 12 November, Telecon 0930 UTC", ["0052.html", "0048.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 19 November, Telecon 10:00 UTC", ["0080.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 26 November, Telecon 10:00 UTC", ["0098.html", "0094.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 5 November, Telecon 0930 UTC", ["0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["minutes of 2008-11-05 teleconference", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Minutes of this week's (26/11/08) phoneconference", ["0106.html"]], ["Minutes of today's (19/11/08) phoneconference", ["0088.html", "0086.html"]], ["News from the HTML5 WG", ["0068.html"]], ["Photos from TPAC2008 in Mandelieu", ["0050.html"]], ["Poll for teleconference times.", ["0022.html"]], ["Review of RTSP description", ["0058.html", "0051.html"]], ["Review of use cases and requirements", ["0082.html", "0081.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0059.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0053.html"]], ["Review: Use Case & Requirements Draft", ["0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["SMIL section of state-of-the-art document done", ["0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html"]], ["Squid experts", ["0083.html", "0069.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["statistics on bandwidth use of protocols", ["0070.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0062.html"]], ["temporal URI usage", ["0073.html"]], ["time offsets", ["0093.html"]], ["Types of Fragments and Fragments Caching", ["0087.html", "0085.html", "0084.html"]], ["URGENT feedback requested: Questionnaire regarding your participation in the 2nd F2F in December (Ghent, BE)", ["0054.html"]], ["YouTube Enables Deep Linking Within Videos", ["0009.html"]], ["YouTube Enables Deep Linking Within Videos]", ["0011.html", "0008.html"]]], [["[F2F Meeting] Questionnaire regarding your participation in the 2nd F2F in December (Ghent, BE)", ["0068.html"]], ["[TPAC 2008] Ride wiki from Nice to Mandelieu", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Anyone at TPAC yet?", ["0066.html"]], ["Identifying vs Describing media URI fragments", ["0034.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["Media (image) upload feature at WG Wiki still missing ...", ["0019.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 1 October, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 15 October, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0057.html", "0052.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 15 October, Telecon 1200 UTC)", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0059.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 8 October, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0044.html", "0040.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Telecon 29 October, CANCELLED", ["0076.html"]], ["minutes of 2008-10-01 telecon", ["0005.html"]], ["minutes of 2008-10-08 telecon", ["0055.html", "0053.html", "0047.html"]], ["minutes of 2008-10-08 telecon)", ["0061.html", "0058.html", "0056.html"]], ["minutes of 2008-10-15 telecon", ["0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["minutes of 2008-10-20, 21 face-to-face meeting", ["0075.html"]], ["New wiki page: list of issues", ["0033.html"]], ["preparation of working draft as outlined by Raphael", ["0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html"]], ["Regrets for today's call from Erik", ["0001.html"]], ["regrets for today's teleco", ["0002.html"]], ["SMIL section of state-of-the-art document done", ["0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html"]], ["Survey on TPAC2009 attendance and hotel stay - due 30 October", ["0069.html"]], ["Unsure about tomorrows teleconf", ["0036.html"]], ["URI fragments and the delivery of media fragments", ["0060.html"]], ["Use Cases and Requirements summary document", ["0074.html"]], ["Video resource model", ["0018.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["video use-case", ["0054.html", "0051.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["YouTube / Google video time offsets", ["0077.html", "0067.html"]], ["YouTube Enables Deep Linking Within Videos", ["0082.html"]]], [["First face-to-face meeting @ TPAC 2008: registration and practical information", ["0002.html"]], ["Identifying vs Describing media URI fragments", ["0024.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Introduction of Jack Jansen", ["0023.html"]], ["Introduction of Michael Hausenblas", ["0010.html"]], ["Introduction of Rapha\u00ebl Troncy", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Media Fragments Use Cases started on Wiki", ["0006.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 17 September, Telecon 1100 UTC", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Media Fragments Working Group: Agenda 24 September, Telecon 1200 UTC", ["0011.html"]], ["minutes of 2008-09-17 telecon", ["0004.html"]], ["minutes of 2008-09-24 telecon", ["0020.html"]], ["Questionnaire regarding the 2nd F2F meeting in December", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Regrets (probably) for teleconf", ["0003.html"]], ["video use-case", ["0022.html"]]], [["New Public Mailing List - public-media-fragment", ["0000.html"]]]]