[[["Auto: www-di@w3.org autoreply", ["0000.html"]]], [["1st CFP: IJCAI-11 Workshop on Discovering Meaning On the Go in Large & Heterogeneous Data (LHD-11)", ["0000.html"]]], [["[SysInfo API] : Comments on the terminology used", ["0000.html"]]], [["Unwanted (?) exceptions in DDR Simple API spec", ["0000.html"]]], [["AskPythia, an implementation of the DDR Simple API in PHP", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Unwanted (?) exceptions in DDR Simple API spec", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["[mymobileweb-support] REST version of the DDR Simple API", ["0002.html"]], ["REST version of the DDR Simple API", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["DDR API implementations", ["0001.html"]], ["Device Description Repository Simple API is a W3C Recommendation", ["0000.html"]], ["New version of TID's DDR Simple API Implementation", ["0002.html"]]], [["Implementation report on Morfeo's DDR Simple API", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C Workshop on Security for Access to Device APIs - London, December 10-11", ["0000.html"]]], [["[API] Mistake on section 4.3.2.1", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Perl implementation of DDR Simple API", ["0000.html"]]], [["[API] What should happen if ...", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["DDR Simple API implemented successfully", ["0021.html"]], ["DDR Simple API test class - Draft 1", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Structures Editor's Draft", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Updated DDR Simple API test class", ["0017.html"]], ["Workshop notice", ["0008.html"]]], [["New version of the C# re-expressions of the DDR Simple API", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["New version of the IDL and WSDL re-expressions of the DDR Simple API", ["0000.html"]]], [["Aspect names in the Core Vocabulary latest draft", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Core Vocab Draft 1i", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary 1g", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary 1g : Editorial Comments", ["0004.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary 1g : Editorial Comments (and regrets for Monday)", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary 1h", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary 1k", ["0020.html"]], ["DDR Simple API .- Early implementation", ["0001.html"]], ["Publication announcement - DDR Simple API", ["0000.html"]], ["Publication of DDR Core Vocabulary (Working Group Note)", ["0021.html"]], ["Structures Deliverable : New Editor's Draft", ["0022.html"]]], [["Call for implementations", ["0007.html"]], ["DDR Simple API Version 1f", ["0000.html"]], ["JavaDoc - post-F2F update", ["0006.html"]], ["Joint meeting UWA-DD", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 17 March 2008", ["0008.html"]], ["Perl binding - updated", ["0004.html"]], ["Simple API JavaDoc", ["0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["[agenda] Agenda for tomorrow's call", ["0074.html"]], ["[Fwd: Continuation of discussion from today's call]", ["0038.html"]], ["Admissible Evidence", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Continuation of discussion from today's call", ["0039.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary 1f", ["0030.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["DDR Simple API Draft 1c", ["0026.html"]], ["DDR Simple API Version 1f", ["0075.html"]], ["Final chance, for now, to offer opinion on Simple API [was Continuation of discussion from today's call]", ["0068.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["getSimplePropertyValue", ["0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["getSimplePropertyValue : Suggested simplifications", ["0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["Launch of DeviceAtlas", ["0023.html", "0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["Meeting summary - 11 Feb 2008", ["0024.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 4 Feb 2008", ["0008.html"]], ["New Draft API Document 1d", ["0032.html"]], ["New Draft API Document 1e - and discussion of PropertyName and a couple of other things", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["New simple API version with aspect support", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0018.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["PERL binding - update", ["0031.html"]], ["PERL binding for the DDR Simple API - very early draft", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Preview of full latest Java Interface", ["0063.html", "0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["Preview of full latest Java Interface : Comments on SimpleService interface", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0067.html"]], ["Simple API discussions will pause in 3 hours - chair's decision", ["0073.html"]], ["Testing the API", ["0000.html"]], ["Time to take a leadership position on client-side APIs", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[API] State of things and plan for the Editor's F2F", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[VOC] Core Vocabulary Implementations", ["0009.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Core Vocab 1e", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Draft Agenda for API Editors Meeting", ["0012.html"]], ["ISSUE-24 Comments from Jose on Core Vocab FPWD", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 14 Jan 2008", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting summary - 21 Jan 2008", ["0014.html"]], ["New draft - Core Vocab 1d", ["0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["Roadmap of the Delivery Context Ontology", ["0007.html"]], ["Testing the API", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]]], [["[API] Resuming API Work : DDRPropertyValue (including enumerations)", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[VOC] Comments on the current version of the vocabulary", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["[VOC] Comments on the current version of the vocabulary)", ["0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary Draft 1c", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting summary - 10 Dec 2007", ["0017.html"]], ["Meeting summary - 3 Dec 2007", ["0001.html"]], ["New Publication", ["0019.html"]]], [["[API] Code snippet I .- fast property retrieval (not unit aware)", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["[API] Code Snippet II How to retrieve an enumerated property", ["0040.html"]], ["[API] New version of the prototype in Java", ["0039.html"]], ["Comments on the current version ofthe ontology", ["0000.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary 1a", ["0041.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary 1b", ["0044.html"]], ["Default units of a property (mandatory for DDRs)", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Interests in implementing DDR API", ["0029.html", "0026.html"]], ["ISSUE-22 (Default aspect of a property): Default aspect of a property", ["0032.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["ISSUE-23 (ContextKeyList): identify method provides only one key or a list of keys? [DDR API Recommendation]", ["0043.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Minimal version of the API (including Boston's F2F resolutions)", ["0004.html"]], ["MIW slides available free online", ["0002.html"]], ["New DDWG publications", ["0001.html"]], ["New Project at Morfeo (Device Description API Reference Implementations)", ["0045.html"]], ["November 2007 Face-to-Face summary", ["0042.html"]], ["Resolutions from the November F2F", ["0008.html"]], ["Updated API with the PropertyValueSet methods", ["0033.html", "0022.html", "0012.html"]], ["Volantis Mobility Server to be Distributed Under Open Source License and Available Immediately as Free Download", ["0025.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]]], [["[API] Are we going to need some bootstrapping mechanism for the DDR-API?", ["0009.html", "0000.html"]], ["[API] First draft of the Java API bindings", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["[API] Two comments about the DDR API document", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0043.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["[VOC] Comments on the current version of the vocabulary", ["0030.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0002.html"]], ["[VOC] CoreVocabularySubmissions on the Wiki updated", ["0029.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0003.html"]], ["[VOC] Do we really need a property in the vocabulary for each markup or variety of them", ["0011.html", "0005.html", "0001.html"]], ["[VOC] MIME Types", ["0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Comments on the current version of the ontology", ["0065.html", "0049.html", "0031.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary round 2 reminder", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["Core Vocabulary update", ["0063.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 15 October 2007", ["0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 15 October 2007]", ["0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 22 Oct 2007", ["0054.html"]], ["Meeting summary - 8 Oct 2007", ["0048.html"]], ["More comments on the ontology", ["0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Screen Orientation Vocabulary", ["0058.html"]], ["Summary of joint meeting - 24 Sept 2007", ["0007.html"]], ["Updated Draft of the Ontology", ["0023.html"]], ["Vocabulary paused", ["0064.html"]]], [["DDWG Core Vocabulary updates", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Feedback from the MyMobileWeb project to the DDR vocabulary", ["0005.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 10 Sept 2007", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting summary - 17 Sept 2007", ["0004.html"]]], [["[API] First internal draft of the API document", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["ACTION-58 Look into issues surrounding the use of the 'any' type in the IDL", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting summary - 27 August 2007", ["0026.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 30 July 2007", ["0009.html"]], ["New editors draft of api spec (Version 1b)", ["0027.html"]]], [["ACTION-58 Look into issues surrounding the use of the 'any' type in the IDL", ["0005.html"]], ["API exceptions - codes or hierarchy, or both?", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Call for contributions to Open Mobile Web Test Suite", ["0003.html"]], ["July 2007 - DDWG Face-to-Face summary", ["0004.html"]], ["Meeting summary - 9 July 2007", ["0000.html"]]], [["[API] Issues on IDL", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[momolondon] New Voda gateways", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[ONT] Alternative property names : Normative or Informative", ["0022.html"]], ["[VOC] Properties used by MyMobileWeb", ["0024.html"]], ["ACTION-37: Investigate potential use of JSON to represent expressions in the structures space (to decide if a device is a member of a family)", ["0011.html"]], ["ANNOUNCEMENT - DDR Core Vocabulary Process", ["0003.html"]], ["Device Description Requirements - Your Input Needed", ["0030.html"]], ["Ecosystem wrap-up", ["0019.html"]], ["ISSUE-10: [API] Should we be using well known types from other domains, such as DOMString?", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0013.html"]], ["ISSUE-13: [API] Exception codes", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 11 June 2007", ["0018.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 18 June 2007", ["0027.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 25 June", ["0031.html"]], ["More IDL to eat", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["More info about the translation of the IDL sample to XML specgenerator format", ["0020.html"]], ["New Version of the Editor's Draft of the Delivery Context Ontology", ["0012.html"]], ["State of Landscape Document", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]]], [["[multimodal interaction] questionnaire on multimodal authoring topics", ["0012.html"]], ["ACTION-45: Follow up on the specification made in Java or IDL", ["0011.html"]], ["DDWG Face-to-Face April 2007 summary", ["0005.html"]], ["Device Description Requirements - overhaul", ["0009.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 21 May 2007", ["0010.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 28 May 2007", ["0013.html"]], ["Motion senstive laptop", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Process for contributing vocabulary entries", ["0006.html"]], ["Some IDL to focus minds", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Update of the Ontology Covering 'Facets' of properties", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["[API] interface requirements from Repository document", ["0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[ONT] Aliases (was [ REP ] Data versioning)", ["0008.html"]], ["[REP] Data versioning", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[REP] Interim review of Repository requirements", ["0018.html"]], ["[VOC] Document kick-off", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["API - architectural model question", ["0017.html"]], ["DD Definition", ["0000.html"]], ["Device description structures and families", ["0001.html"]], ["DeviceDescriptionStructuresUseCases Use cases", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 2 April 2007", ["0015.html"]], ["Reference to DI Glossary looks wrong in Device Description definition", ["0022.html"]]], [["ACTION-14: reprise of definition of device description (was Meeting Summary - 26 March 2007)", ["0103.html"]], ["DD Definition", ["0097.html"]], ["Delivery Context Ontology (was in Device Description Definition)", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Device Description Definition", ["0088.html", "0083.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Device description structures and families", ["0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0061.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0047.html"]], ["DeviceDescriptionStructuresUseCases Use cases", ["0102.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html"]], ["Last Call on mobileOK Basic Tests [deadline extended!]\"", ["0038.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Meeting 19 March postponed", ["0048.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 05 March 2007", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0017.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 12 March 2007", ["0044.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 26 March 2007", ["0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 26 March 2007]", ["0096.html", "0092.html"]], ["Naming conventions", ["0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Observing MWI meetings in Darmstadt", ["0046.html"]]], [["[Fwd: Vocabulary document]", ["0005.html"]], ["A call for DD WG Transparency", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ACTION-2: Send an email reporting about the mapping tool from XML to IDL, Java and ECMAScript", ["0013.html"]], ["DDWG now operates in public", ["0009.html"]], ["Device Description definition", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Ecosystem on wiki", ["0012.html"]], ["Ecosystem updates", ["0017.html"]], ["Feedback sought on open testing framework for the Mobile Web", ["0029.html"]], ["Final info about IDL", ["0023.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 12 Feb 2007", ["0011.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 19 Feb 2007", ["0018.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 26 Feb 2007", ["0032.html"]], ["Meeting Summary - 5 Feb 2007", ["0010.html"]], ["Response to OMA liaison of September 2006", ["0033.html"]], ["Vocabulary document", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Vocabulary process kick-start", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["W3C IDL Utils", ["0020.html"]], ["Wiki Changes RSS", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]]], [["Announcing \"Planet Mobile Web\"", ["0000.html"]]], [["Announcing \"Planet Mobile Web\"", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Mobile Web Best Practices - Free W3C Webinar, November 20 2006", ["0002.html"]], ["MyMobileWeb receives the Eureka-CELTIC label", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["[Invitation] W3C Mobile Web Seminar - 16 Nov. 2006, PARIS", ["0000.html"]]], [["Design and Implementation of a Device Description Repository", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["comment: Device Description Landscape - Introduction", ["0031.html", "0027.html"]], ["Comments on Device Description Repository Requirements 1.0", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["DDR Workshop overlaps with IETF Meeting!", ["0026.html"]], ["From Raymond Sonoff -- 19 May 2006 Request to \"Put to the Test\" Scsi's \"Perfect 10\" Web site Best Practices for Ubiquitous Web Access --- visit http://sonoffconsulting.com/", ["0030.html"]], ["Getting on board", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Position papers - examples and guidelines", ["0024.html"]]], [["Advance Notice: Workshop on Implementation of Device Description Repository", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Announcement - Device Description Repository Requirements 1.0", ["0000.html"]], ["DDWG Workshop - Call for Participation - July 2006", ["0004.html"]]], [["TIDMobile slides", ["0000.html"]], ["Work in Progress on Semantic Web Activity Proposal (Advance Notice)", ["0001.html"]]], [["Publication announcement - Device Description Landscape", ["0000.html"]]], [["cfp: Mobile Services and Ontologies Workshop (MoSO 2006)", ["0000.html"]]], [["cfp: Mobile Services and Ontologies Workshop (MoSO 2006)", ["0000.html"]], ["Publication of First Public Working Draft of Device Description Ecosystem", ["0002.html"]], ["Voce e muito especial . . . boyera", ["0001.html"]]], [["[wbs] Johan Hjelm response to 'Device Description Technologies Survey'", ["0000.html"]], ["Article from www.edutopia.org: Childhood is a Journey, Not a Race", ["0001.html"]]], [["[wbs] Johan Hjelm response to 'Device Description Technologies Survey'", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Announcement] W3C MWI DDWG Device Description Technologies Survey", ["0000.html"]], ["[Reminder] W3C MWI DDWG Device Description Technologies Survey", ["0004.html"]], ["[wbs] Luca Passani response to 'Device Description Technologies Survey'", ["0001.html"]], ["[wbs] Rotan Hanrahan response to 'Device Description Technologies Survey'", ["0002.html"]], ["Completed questionnaire and position paper", ["0005.html"]], ["De auguem que te ama muito . . . saudade janet", ["0003.html"]]], [["Mobile phone capabilities list?", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Wireless Japan Exhibition", ["0018.html"]]], [["New Public mailing list - public-ddwg", ["0000.html"]]]]