[[["Social Web Working Group now closed", ["0000.html"]]], [["Comments on ActivityStream Vocabulary", ["0000.html"]], ["Social Web Working Group Charter Extended", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Comments on ActivityStream Vocabulary", ["0000.html"]]], [["ActivityPub spec bug: Relation between Actors and Users of servers is undefined", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Call for Exclusions: ActivityPub", ["0000.html"]], ["ISSUE-47: Everyone else on the instance can find your broken user by searching @roo", ["0002.html"]], ["Transition Request: WebSub to Proposed Recommendation", ["0001.html"]]], [["Cannot make it tomorrow", ["0002.html"]], ["social-ACTION-91: Find out if webreq can handle namespace document, or if there's a better solution", ["0003.html"]], ["Suggested correction to https://www.w3.org/TR/activitypub/", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["2017-07-25 meeting", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["mastodon instance", ["0000.html"]], ["Social Web Working Group Charter Extended", ["0001.html"]]], [["Call for Exclusions: ActivityPub", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Dropping .host-meta from WebSub", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["fyi WG extension request", ["0007.html"]], ["New Meeting Time : Social Web WG", ["0008.html"]], ["Social Web Incubator Community Group kick-off call!", ["0001.html"]]], [["Call for Exclusions: WebSub", ["0005.html"]], ["Editorial comment - MUST, SHOULD, etc", ["0018.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Meeting on 18th?", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Meeting Tues 11th", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Published to Linked Research", ["0019.html"]], ["Social Web Protocols update", ["0016.html"]], ["timeline flexibility", ["0017.html"]], ["TransReq: WebSub to CR, from Social Web WG", ["0002.html"]], ["Webmention and Anchors", ["0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Yes: Meeting on 18th", ["0015.html"]]], [["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time change \u2013first half of 2016", ["0015.html"]], ["jasnell", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Meeting today", ["0017.html", "0014.html"]], ["Micropub PR transition request", ["0019.html"]], ["Micropub test suite", ["0013.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["New meeting scheduled: April 4th, WebSub only", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Pending websub issues", ["0016.html"]], ["Pending websub issues)", ["0018.html"]], ["Quick \"last call\" for WebSub (formerly PubSubHubbub)", ["0022.html"]], ["typo in A. Acknowledgements", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]]], [["F2F in April", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting on 14 Feb", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["reminder: F2F Poll", ["0003.html"]]], [["New telecon time (2 hours earlier)", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Typo in Webmention", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["[webmention] Position wrt Refback, Trackback, and Pingback", ["0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0002.html"]], ["AS2 CR update (and proposed small change)", ["0003.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Activity Streams 2.0; Activity Vocabulary", ["0005.html"]], ["distributed social network screencast", ["0001.html"]], ["No teleconference today (2016-12-20)", ["0008.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Add dokieli implementation report", ["0000.html"]], ["TransReq AS2 to CR2 (ActivityStreams 2.0 to Second Candidate Recommendation)", ["0004.html"]]], [["2016-11-22 minutes", ["0013.html"]], ["8th face-to-face summary (17 & 18 Nov 2016)", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0014.html"]], ["An implementation of WebSub: RacketMQ", ["0012.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: ActivityPub", ["0009.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Linked Data Notifications", ["0000.html"]], ["follow-on Community Group", ["0007.html"]], ["hn thread", ["0011.html"]], ["Missing the call today", ["0003.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Remove duplicate Tombstone section", ["0004.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0021.html", "0001.html"]], ["Request for i18n review of PubSub", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Requesting accessibility review for WebSub", ["0015.html"]], ["WebSub query", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Won't be able to make it locally to F2F; will participate remotely", ["0010.html"]], ["\ud83d\udd14 Linked Data Notifications: Call for feedback and implementations", ["0008.html", "0002.html"]]], [["Call for Exclusions (Update): Post Type Discovery", ["0020.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Micropub", ["0014.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: PubSub", ["0015.html"]], ["Face-to-face summary", ["0008.html"]], ["Firefox Activity Streams", ["0009.html"]], ["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time (DST) change --second half of 2016", ["0021.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0019.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Requesting accessibility review for Linked Data Notifications", ["0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Requesting an accessibility review for ActivityPub", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Review of Linked Data Notifications", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["Transition request: Updated Micropub CR", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]]], [["Call for Exclusions: Activity Streams 2.0; Activity Vocabulary", ["0000.html"]], ["Closing Social Web IG", ["0014.html", "0012.html", "0007.html", "0004.html"]], ["Comment on Activity Streams 2.0 CR", ["0011.html"]], ["Decision? November 17-18 F2F meeting?", ["0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Demos at TPAC", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["No meeting today", ["0017.html"]], ["partial regrets, for me and Rhiaro", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["PubSubHubbub!", ["0006.html"]], ["Requesting a security and privacy review for ActivityPub", ["0025.html"]], ["Requesting a security and privacy review for Linked Data Notifications", ["0027.html"]], ["Requesting accessibility review for Linked Data Notifications", ["0028.html"]], ["Requesting an accessibility review for ActivityPub", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Requesting i18n review for ActivityPub", ["0026.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Requesting i18n review of Linked Data Notifications", ["0029.html"]], ["\ud83d\udd14 Linked Data Notifications: Call for feedback and implementations", ["0003.html"]]], [["[AGENDA] 2016-08-11: Internationalization Teleconference", ["0021.html"]], ["[minutes] Internationalization telecon 2016-08-04 with Social Web WG", ["0020.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["[minutes] Internationalization telecon 2016-08-11", ["0024.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Micropub", ["0026.html"]], ["CHANGE in WebEx Code", ["0030.html"]], ["Fwd: [AGENDA] 2016-08-04: Internationalization Teleconference", ["0003.html"]], ["New Scientist - We want our internet back", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Updating bidi details", ["0025.html"]], ["Teleconference today, 2016-08-23, 17:00 UTC", ["0027.html"]], ["Updated WDs", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]]], [["APA Response: Reviewing Social Web Specs", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Linked Data Notifications", ["0014.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Post Type Discovery", ["0015.html"]], ["i18n issues on AS2", ["0002.html"]], ["July 12, 2016 minutes", ["0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["Linked Data Notifications FPWD", ["0009.html"]], ["New Working Drafts of activitystreams-core and activitystreams-vocabulary", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Address i18n concerns", ["0001.html"]], ["Retooling estimates (due to medical appointment)", ["0011.html"]], ["Teleconference 2016-07-05", ["0000.html"]], ["Transition Request: FPWD for LDN (Social Web)", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html"]]], [["acks", ["0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["Activity Streams 2, CR TransReq from Social Web WG", ["0094.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 108", ["0079.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 133", ["0078.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 231", ["0093.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 233", ["0084.html", "0083.html", "0076.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 235", ["0075.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 274", ["0092.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 285", ["0064.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 288", ["0066.html", "0063.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 292", ["0073.html", "0057.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 295", ["0056.html"]], ["AS2 Issue 313", ["0055.html"]], ["AS2 issue 52", ["0082.html"]], ["AS2 issue handling", ["0054.html"]], ["AS2 Issues", ["0077.html"]], ["AS2 Issues 245 and 182", ["0074.html"]], ["AS2 issues 266, 242 and 240", ["0072.html"]], ["AS2 issues 69 and 53", ["0091.html", "0081.html"]], ["AS2 issues 86 & 85", ["0080.html"]], ["as2 test suite?", ["0002.html"]], ["centralized vs decentralized extensibility", ["0034.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0020.html", "0011.html"]], ["Face-to-face 6 summary", ["0085.html"]], ["Fwd: AS2 issues 266, 242 and 240", ["0086.html"]], ["Micropub, CR TransReq from Social Web WG", ["0095.html"]], ["No telecon this week (14 June 2016)", ["0051.html"]], ["objections to webmention", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Clarify in core that Links can have 'id'", ["0068.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0090.html"]], ["Reviewing Social Web Specs", ["0096.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0065.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["Transition Request: FPWD for JF2 (Social Web)", ["0050.html"]], ["transition request: fwpd for post-type-discovery", ["0031.html"]]], [["Activity Streams 2.0 for review", ["0023.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["as2 transition request", ["0024.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Webmention", ["0011.html"]], ["June PDX F2F Date Change", ["0004.html"]], ["Micropub media endpoint", ["0008.html"]], ["Micropub Status", ["0003.html"]], ["salmentions", ["0006.html"]], ["Social Web Protocols update", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0013.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 24 May 2016", ["0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 3 May 2016", ["0000.html"]], ["social-ACTION-89: Move webmention through the process to cr publication", ["0005.html"]], ["social-ACTION-90: Get domain lead approval for jf2", ["0021.html"]], ["standardizing webmention", ["0010.html"]], ["Today's minutes", ["0002.html"]], ["Transition Request: CR for Webmention", ["0007.html"]], ["Transition Request: FPWD for JF2 (Social Web)", ["0022.html"]], ["Unable to make much of next meeting", ["0016.html"]], ["Webmention WD", ["0001.html"]]], [["Call for Exclusions (Update): ActivityPub", ["0010.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions (Update): Social Web Protocols", ["0004.html"]], ["Lost & Found from f2f (mac power cords)", ["0003.html"]], ["Micropub status", ["0008.html"]], ["Privacy and Social standards", ["0007.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Update index.html", ["0002.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0001.html"]], ["Social Web WG Agenda for 12 Apr 2016", ["0005.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 5 April 2016", ["0000.html"]], ["Teleconference 19 Apr 2016", ["0006.html"]], ["Webmention CR Exit Criteria", ["0009.html"]]], [["March f2f summary", ["0009.html"]], ["Meeting minutes March 1st 2016", ["0000.html"]], ["New Webmention and Micropub drafts for review", ["0001.html"]], ["Possible Implementer of ActivityStreams2", ["0007.html"]], ["Reminder: no teleconference today, 22 Mar 2016", ["0006.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 8 March 2016", ["0002.html"]], ["social-ACTION-86: Add a section on feed readers to as2 conformance section", ["0003.html"]], ["social-ACTION-87: Add labels to the wiki with short description of each", ["0004.html"]], ["social-ACTION-88: Incorporate your work done in to the social web protocols document for the others in the group to review", ["0005.html"]], ["Teleconference 2016-03-29", ["0008.html"]]], [["Activity Streams 2.0 Test Documents", ["0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Facebook Enhances Everyone\u2019s Like With Love, Haha, Wow, Sad, Angry Buttons", ["0028.html"]], ["From Natalie: D-CENT links", ["0013.html"]], ["Google preferring JSON LD", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["JSON-LD Framing requires \"@type\"?", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["MediaGoblin <-> Pump.IO preliminary federation demo", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Minutes 2016-02-16", ["0014.html"]], ["New Webmention and Micropub drafts for review", ["0029.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Drop Relationship and subject", ["0026.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 16 February 2016", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Telecon 2 Feb 2016", ["0000.html"]], ["Telecon 23 Feb 2016 18:00 UTC", ["0027.html"]], ["Telecon 9 Feb 2016", ["0006.html"]], ["Today's meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Webmention writeup in The Register", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]]], [["ActivityPump and signature / origin verification", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Boeing resignations (hopefully temporary for me)", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["CR exit criteria", ["0005.html"]], ["FOSDEM / Brussels 30th - 31st January", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Google To Add JSON-LD Support For Rich Snippets", ["0027.html"]], ["Here\u2019s What Push Notifications Look Like When You Have 8M Followers", ["0013.html"]], ["June F2F meeting in Portland", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0024.html", "0003.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 26 January 2016", ["0026.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 5 January 2016", ["0001.html"]], ["Some stats on adoption", ["0006.html"]], ["Teleconference 12 January 2016 16H UTC", ["0014.html"]], ["Today's meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["webmention on hacker news", ["0025.html"]]], [["ActivityPump and signature / origin verification", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Annotating (and discussing) the Required Readings", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Applied invited experts", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["AS2 Test Corpus", ["0035.html"]], ["Face-to-face minutes and summary notes", ["0025.html"]], ["Fwd: Schema.org Community Group: thanks to everyone who contributed in 2015, and looking forward to 2016", ["0043.html"]], ["github workflow", ["0026.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Plans for Activity Streams 2.0 : Action Handlers ?", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Another round of batched updates", ["0004.html"]], ["RSVP needed: next F2F meeting at MIT, March 16-17", ["0040.html"]], ["social-ACTION-80: Contact julian as a chair and ask about the status of push and cc wendy and see if we can get to a point where we can at least reference it or possibly incorporate into this wg.", ["0003.html"]], ["social-ACTION-81: Publish new editor's draft of webmention before next telcon", ["0005.html"]], ["social-ACTION-82: Compare as2 vocabulary with pump.io's use of as1", ["0006.html"]], ["social-ACTION-83: Continue developing federation aspects of existing candidate specs (activitypump, solid, micropub/indieweb building blocks) and in parallel evan will curate requirements from user stories and other federation protocol efforts, with documented reasons for non-requirements", ["0007.html"]], ["social-ACTION-84: Bring issue to i18n", ["0008.html"]], ["social-ACTION-85: Get w3cid to jasnell asap", ["0027.html"]], ["Teleconference 2015-12-08", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Updated Editor's Draft", ["0015.html"]]], [["ActiviPy 0.1 release: feedback welcome!", ["0055.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["AS 2.0 Change Proposals", ["0016.html"]], ["AW: AS 2.0 Change Proposals", ["0008.html"]], ["AW: Clarification of as:content?", ["0045.html", "0029.html"]], ["AW: jf2 vs. AS 2.0", ["0030.html"]], ["AW: Teleconference 10 Nov 2015 18:00 UTC", ["0058.html", "0056.html"]], ["Clarification of as:content?", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0028.html"]], ["Clarification of as:published?", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Collection of Use Cases", ["0000.html"]], ["dfn-ojbect", ["0057.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["jf2 vs. AS 2.0", ["0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Meetings and IRC", ["0014.html", "0010.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["New Telecon Password", ["0001.html"]], ["Note WebEx password change", ["0017.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] media type compromise", ["0022.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0070.html", "0061.html", "0060.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 3 November 2015", ["0059.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["social-ACTION-74: Explain relationship to aaronpk's document", ["0071.html"]], ["social-ACTION-75: Explain relationship to rhiaro's document", ["0072.html"]], ["social-ACTION-76: Add proposal section to social web wg page, with micropub as first entry", ["0073.html"]], ["social-ACTION-77: Add micropub to required reading list", ["0074.html"]], ["social-ACTION-78: Add activity pump to the list of required reading for f2f", ["0075.html"]], ["social-ACTION-79: Add activity pump to proposals section of the home page", ["0076.html"]], ["Teleconference 10 Nov 2015 18:00 UTC", ["0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["today's meeting cancelled", ["0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html"]]], [["[Moderator Action] [Activity Streams] AS2.0: Section 3.2: language example issues [I18N-ISSUE-387][I18N-ACTION-469]", ["0037.html"]], ["[Proposal] Limit `duration` to ISO8601 duration format", ["0135.html"]], ["[Proposal] Removal of natural language values", ["0134.html"]], ["[Social API] Comparing similarities and differences in LDP and Hydra/LDF", ["0039.html"]], ["Activity Streams 2.0 Edit Proposals on the Agenda", ["0224.html"]], ["AS 2.0 Change Proposals", ["0227.html", "0225.html"]], ["AS2 media type", ["0129.html", "0124.html", "0123.html", "0122.html", "0119.html", "0117.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0107.html", "0098.html", "0096.html"]], ["Boeing resignations (hopefully temporary for me)", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Closing issues", ["0033.html"]], ["Content encoding", ["0209.html"]], ["extensions and prefixes(former: internationalization issues)", ["0189.html"]], ["Fwd: [Activity Streams] AS2.0: Section 3.2: language example issues [I18N-ISSUE-387][I18N-ACTION-469]", ["0036.html"]], ["Fwd: [Moderator Action] new Social Architecture effort", ["0004.html"]], ["Fwd: Getting the group back on track", ["0021.html"]], ["Fwd: the necessity of describing responses in-band", ["0057.html"]], ["Fwd: Unnecessarily complicate definition?", ["0169.html", "0168.html"]], ["Fwd: Web Annotation TPAC F2F sessions of interest to Social Web WG members", ["0128.html"]], ["Getting Friendica to join the WG", ["0223.html"]], ["Getting the group back on track", ["0136.html", "0090.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0023.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Getting the group back on track]", ["0226.html", "0220.html", "0219.html", "0216.html", "0200.html", "0199.html", "0198.html", "0197.html", "0196.html", "0194.html", "0193.html", "0192.html", "0191.html", "0156.html", "0151.html", "0150.html", "0097.html", "0095.html", "0093.html", "0089.html"]], ["Getting the group back on track]]", ["0137.html", "0133.html", "0132.html", "0131.html", "0130.html"]], ["internationalization issues", ["0190.html", "0188.html", "0187.html", "0186.html", "0184.html", "0183.html", "0182.html", "0179.html", "0178.html", "0177.html", "0176.html", "0175.html", "0174.html", "0173.html", "0172.html", "0171.html", "0170.html", "0166.html", "0165.html", "0162.html", "0161.html", "0160.html", "0159.html", "0155.html", "0154.html", "0153.html", "0152.html", "0149.html", "0148.html", "0147.html", "0146.html", "0145.html", "0144.html", "0143.html", "0142.html", "0141.html", "0140.html"]], ["internationalization issues)", ["0181.html", "0180.html", "0163.html", "0158.html", "0157.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for Social Web WG meeting 10-13-2015", ["0048.html"]], ["new Social Architecture effort", ["0222.html", "0003.html"]], ["Open Github Issues", ["0121.html", "0120.html", "0118.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0108.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0085.html", "0083.html"]], ["Open Github Issues)", ["0094.html", "0092.html"]], ["Post Type Discovery", ["0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Priority of Constituencies proposal", ["0218.html", "0217.html", "0215.html", "0214.html", "0213.html", "0212.html", "0211.html", "0210.html", "0208.html", "0207.html", "0206.html", "0205.html", "0204.html", "0203.html", "0202.html", "0201.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Fill in \"notes\" for Video", ["0041.html"]], ["Reminder about reopening issues", ["0127.html"]], ["Reminder of cancelled meeting next week during TPAC", ["0185.html"]], ["Social API Editor's Draft", ["0139.html", "0138.html"]], ["Social Web WG Agenda for 6 October 2015", ["0035.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-46 (separation-of-concerns): AS2.0 tries to address some Social API responsibilities [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0195.html", "0167.html", "0164.html"]], ["Teleconference 13 October 2015 17:00 UTC", ["0042.html"]], ["Teleconference today 2015-10-20 17:00 UTC", ["0114.html"]], ["Test suite and implementations", ["0126.html"]], ["Test suite for Activity Streams 2.0", ["0125.html", "0091.html", "0084.html", "0054.html", "0044.html"]], ["Updating the Social team contact", ["0221.html"]], ["WebEx woes", ["0009.html"]]], [["Boeing resignations (hopefully temporary for me)", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Cross-Context JSON-LD Integration", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Evaluating User Stories -- A Practical Approach", ["0016.html"]], ["Example of discussion representation", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Minutes and TPAC", ["0015.html"]], ["Next F2F dates/location", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Post Type Discovery", ["0033.html"]], ["prerequisites to the social API", ["0027.html"]], ["re-chartering -- make sure your org replies!", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0028.html", "0026.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Reminder: Tell us about your Japan plans RIGHT NOW", ["0000.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 15 September 2015", ["0017.html"]], ["social-ACTION-73: Narrow down possible date ranges for next f2f", ["0014.html"]], ["Teleconference 22 Sep 2015", ["0022.html"]], ["Vocabulary Negotiation", ["0003.html"]]], [["11% of indonesians dont know facebook is part of the internet", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["2015-08-15 meeting minutes", ["0107.html"]], ["a user liking a post", ["0100.html", "0099.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0082.html"]], ["Agenda topic request", ["0083.html"]], ["Anyone can say anything about anything", ["0061.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["API requirements", ["0025.html", "0013.html"]], ["AS 2.0 impl updated", ["0114.html"]], ["as:Like (a rdfs:Class) or as:like (a rdf:Property) ?", ["0112.html", "0111.html", "0106.html", "0060.html"]], ["Browsing the social graph", ["0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["Closing open github issues", ["0037.html"]], ["Fwd: objects and arrays", ["0069.html", "0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["IETF 94, 1-6 November 2015 (TPAC2015/IETF94 Discount)", ["0110.html"]], ["IG to help resolve objections on user stories", ["0109.html", "0108.html"]], ["objects and arrays", ["0057.html"]], ["One Trillion Edges: Graph Processing at Facebook-Scale", ["0049.html"]], ["Open Issues in the Tracker", ["0046.html"]], ["Proposed update to collection semantics", ["0017.html"]], ["Proxy re-encryption for secure Activity Pubsub?", ["0009.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] A series of activities; creating, editing, and deleting a note using multiple-vocabularies", ["0070.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] An example with a series of activities using multiple vocabularies", ["0098.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Missing nanotabs JS", ["0065.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Refactor Collection Paging", ["0038.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Update mf2 examples", ["0014.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Updated RDFa examples; matches JSON-LD examples and some fixes.", ["0019.html"]], ["Refactor Collection Paging", ["0039.html"]], ["revoting on changed user stories", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Rhiaro and Sarven coming to MIT", ["0102.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["Sandro needs host # for social meetings", ["0118.html", "0117.html", "0116.html", "0113.html"]], ["Social IG agenda posted for 2 September 2015", ["0115.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 11 August 2015", ["0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0027.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 11 August 2015]", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-44 (removeMFfromAS): Remove microformats examples from ActvivityStream core and vocabulary [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0018.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-45 (mf2jsonldconflicts): Conflicts between json-ld and mf2 examples [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0034.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0020.html"]], ["streaming JSON-LD with node.js", ["0119.html"]], ["Streams WHATWG", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Teleconference 25 August 2015 1700 UTC", ["0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html"]], ["TPAC 2015 Registration Now Open", ["0101.html"]], ["WebEx woes", ["0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html"]], ["webfinger for linked data", ["0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html"]]], [["@SocialWebWG twitter account?", ["0012.html"]], ["a common understanding of profiles", ["0061.html"]], ["A webmention endpoint implementation", ["0093.html", "0092.html"]], ["Activity (state)", ["0022.html", "0017.html"]], ["Activity Streams and Annotations", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["Actor Type: Org", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Adding friends", ["0014.html"]], ["as:Like (a rdfs:Class) or as:like (a rdf:Property) ?", ["0060.html"]], ["Collection properties and relationship types", ["0053.html"]], ["First User Story implementation, now using social web WG vocab (AS 2.0)", ["0059.html"]], ["freezing the user stories", ["0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html"]], ["FYI: Facebook: Exploring GraphQL at react-europe 2015", ["0015.html"]], ["inboxes and outboxes", ["0034.html"]], ["Matrix's spec and the SocialWG", ["0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["No Social WG meeting today", ["0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html"]], ["normative references for microformats 2", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Add collection properties and relationship types", ["0052.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] clarify properties a bit", ["0030.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] common to all Object's -> common to all Objects", ["0021.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] fixing typos", ["0066.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] inReplyto -> inReplyTo", ["0001.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Longitude as a float", ["0003.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Lowercase and for actor", ["0000.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] more updates for microformats examples", ["0006.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] multiples fixes", ["0028.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] per #79 this removes all acct: to replace with http://", ["0007.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] re-add organization", ["0027.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] refs #80, change links to a href", ["0011.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove as:Favorite", ["0032.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Replaces all URNs with URLs in examples.", ["0031.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Restructuring", ["0035.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] several improvements", ["0029.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] use Orderedcollection for blog examples", ["0033.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0082.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 7 July 2015", ["0013.html"]], ["social-ACTION-71: Break up github issue 133 into several ones, and close 133", ["0020.html"]], ["social-ACTION-72: Update http://www.w3.org/social/wg/overview.html#sched", ["0083.html"]], ["SoLiD, and LDP dependency", ["0077.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html"]], ["standardizing webmention", ["0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Telecon 14 July 2015 1700 UTC", ["0041.html", "0036.html"]], ["Telecon Schedule for July and August 2015", ["0040.html"]], ["W3C Social IG agenda now available; inviting WG objectors", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]]], [["a common understanding of profiles", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0047.html", "0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["Activity (state)", ["0067.html", "0066.html", "0064.html"]], ["Actor Type: Org", ["0082.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["Agenda for June 16th Social WG meeting", ["0028.html"]], ["combine IRC channels?", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Dot notation to map AS 2.0 to POST parameters", ["0046.html"]], ["microformats examples", ["0040.html"]], ["Missing Social Web WG minutes for 26 May 2015", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Moving ActivityStreams 2.0 to Echdina?", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Next Meeting", ["0026.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Next Meeting]", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["profile/crystallisation for AS2.0", ["0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] \"Social\" Web -> social Web", ["0075.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Fix Microformats2 examples", ["0055.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Fixmicroformats", ["0048.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Grammar correction in section 3", ["0072.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] it's own -> its own", ["0074.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] listing -> list", ["0076.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Parallelism in list", ["0077.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Restore Microformats Examples", ["0017.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Update activitystreams2-vocabulary.html", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Update activitystreams2.html", ["0073.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0004.html"]], ["Removal of the Microformats examples", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 2 June 2015", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 9 June 2015", ["0014.html"]], ["social-ACTION-68: Ask if open-source/free software sip exists for w3c", ["0042.html"]], ["social-ACTION-69: Document use-case for multiple natural-language strings in as 2.0", ["0043.html"]], ["social-ACTION-70: Move forward modified wg charter, just changing the document license", ["0078.html"]], ["Telecon 30 June 2015 17h UTC", ["0065.html"]], ["Teleconference 23 Jun 2015 17h UTC", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Today's minutes", ["0031.html"]], ["TPAC 2015 Registration Now Open", ["0018.html"]], ["Updated Candidate Working Drafts", ["0041.html"]], ["User Story : Following a person", ["0032.html", "0030.html", "0022.html"]], ["WebEx calling instructions for Social WG: New phone number and access code", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]]], [["3rd face-to-face minutes and summary", ["0031.html", "0027.html"]], ["Agenda for May 26th Social Web Meeting - Tantek chairing", ["0069.html"]], ["AS = Status+Updates?", ["0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["DCENT project dial-in on Monday to F2F?", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["dialin for F2F", ["0014.html"]], ["F2F MIT minutes", ["0009.html"]], ["F2F3: Dinner together with few more guests on Monday?", ["0004.html"]], ["first user story for SoLiD & schema + v-card feedback", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["I-JSON now RFC", ["0066.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["Informal minutes today - SIP issues", ["0064.html"]], ["ISSUE-38: Do we need to add a version number to the as context uri, to avoid breaking software when new terms are added?", ["0012.html"]], ["ISSUE-39: Do we need the overall system to be robust even when nodes fail?", ["0018.html"]], ["ISSUE-43: What if anything should as2 say about i-json? per https://www.w3.org/wiki/socialwg/2015-05-26#i-json_discussion", ["0074.html"]], ["Minutes from 12th", ["0063.html"]], ["New Zakim code for today", ["0015.html"]], ["Next steps of FPWD for Social API?", ["0062.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0052.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0032.html"]], ["on Agent identifiers", ["0033.html"]], ["potential use of profiles for crystalisations of RDF", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0045.html"]], ["Proving usability of ActivityStreams2.0 and Microformats together by example", ["0000.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] add describes property to Profile object", ["0077.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Fixes a syntax error in turtle serialization of the vocabulary.", ["0051.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] make Read a subclass of Experience", ["0076.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] move audience targeting properties to Object", ["0087.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove \"Give\"", ["0082.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove \"Respond\"", ["0085.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove \"Review\"", ["0083.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove \"Save\"", ["0084.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove \"Share\"", ["0081.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove Complete and Assign", ["0086.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove Confirm", ["0080.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove microformats examples", ["0078.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove the Post activity", ["0079.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] remove watch", ["0075.html"]], ["removing \"@vocab\": \"_:\" from AS2.0 JSON-LD context", ["0090.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda - Tantek chairing", ["0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["social-ACTION-14: Set up json-ld context for namespace", ["0068.html"]], ["social-ACTION-58: Setup tracking of candidate demos which showcase User Stories implementations", ["0091.html"]], ["social-ACTION-60: Draw follow vs. subscribe with account having multiple feeds allowing subscription independently", ["0070.html", "0013.html"]], ["social-ACTION-61: Create comparison of side effects approach in micropub, activitypump and solid", ["0016.html"]], ["social-ACTION-62: Document possible danger of malicious apps when moving more responsibilities to clients", ["0017.html"]], ["social-ACTION-63: Work with sandro and elf pavlik to set up new context uri", ["0043.html"]], ["social-ACTION-64: Document reasoning for requiring https (possibly coordinate it with harry)", ["0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["social-ACTION-65: Document why some of json-ld authors use v1 etc. in context uris", ["0072.html"]], ["social-ACTION-66: Follow up with julien regarding pubsubhubbub licensing", ["0073.html"]], ["social-ACTION-67: Document aligement between h-event / ical: & h-card / vcard: & h-geo / geo:", ["0089.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-40: Deprecate the \"Post\" activity [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0025.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-41: PubSubHubbub license clarification requires contacting current editor Julien [Federation]", ["0065.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-42 (cwebber2): Dual licensing activitystreams specs with a free format [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0071.html"]], ["Subscribing to specific channels when following an account", ["0048.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0038.html"]], ["Teleconference 12 May 2015 17:00 UTC", ["0044.html", "0042.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Teleconference 19 May 2015 17:00 UTC", ["0053.html"]], ["Teleconference 26 May 2015 17:00 UTC", ["0067.html"]], ["two meeting details", ["0001.html"]], ["Updated Working Draft", ["0088.html"]]], [["#Telecon: Tue, Apr 14th (1700UTC)", ["0068.html", "0067.html", "0065.html", "0032.html"]], ["4-21 minutes", ["0096.html"]], ["a 'living' Social Vocabulary (experiment!) with diagrams of Qualified Relations, N-ary Relations and Containers", ["0146.html", "0084.html"]], ["AS 2.0 Test Suite Approach", ["0033.html", "0001.html"]], ["AS 2.0 Test suite repo", ["0007.html"]], ["definition of as:Collection and as:items very confused", ["0148.html", "0147.html"]], ["Definition of Collection and LDP Paging", ["0161.html", "0160.html", "0158.html", "0157.html", "0156.html"]], ["Definition of Collection and LDP Paging - was: definition of as:Collection and as:items very confused", ["0175.html", "0173.html", "0171.html", "0155.html", "0154.html", "0153.html", "0152.html", "0151.html", "0150.html", "0149.html"]], ["Distributed architecture and social justice / at risk individuals", ["0050.html", "0049.html"]], ["extension model of RSS/Atom (ISSUE-16 discussion)", ["0063.html", "0053.html", "0051.html", "0047.html", "0042.html", "0036.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html"]], ["F2F3: Evaluation of API Candidates", ["0170.html", "0168.html", "0167.html", "0166.html", "0125.html"]], ["Fwd: Welcome Guangyuan Piao and John Breslin", ["0029.html"]], ["Gmail Filters (was Fwd: Issue-19 questions remain - a proposal)", ["0117.html"]], ["How we can help people with making it to F2F in Paris? (those with 'at risk due to travel funding' note)", ["0030.html"]], ["Implicit vs explicit object types", ["0062.html", "0060.html", "0056.html", "0054.html", "0052.html", "0048.html"]], ["Issue-14: as:Link complexity", ["0136.html", "0135.html", "0132.html", "0131.html", "0130.html", "0127.html", "0126.html", "0124.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0057.html"]], ["Issue-14: as:Link complexity - AtomOwl", ["0083.html"]], ["Issue-19 questions remain", ["0123.html", "0122.html", "0121.html", "0105.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0085.html"]], ["Issue-19 questions remain - a proposal", ["0141.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0118.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0104.html", "0103.html"]], ["Issue-19 questions remain - a proposal -- about blogs", ["0112.html"]], ["Issue-8: Test Suite", ["0055.html"]], ["Last-minute substitution", ["0020.html"]], ["Late", ["0071.html", "0069.html"]], ["Mark attendance on Social Web F2F", ["0013.html"]], ["Minutes 7th April and 10th March", ["0028.html"]], ["On the Post and Share activities", ["0061.html"]], ["Out with flu", ["0070.html", "0066.html"]], ["Paris F2F - Monday Morning unavailability", ["0144.html", "0143.html", "0142.html"]], ["Proposal: de-namespace vcard in the normative AS2 JSON-LD context", ["0181.html", "0145.html", "0140.html", "0139.html", "0138.html", "0137.html", "0129.html"]], ["Proposal: de-namespace vcard in the normative AS2 JSON-LD context]", ["0177.html", "0176.html", "0174.html"]], ["Proposal: Remove Inverse Properties from vocabulary", ["0039.html", "0037.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] denamespace vcard", ["0133.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Remove inverse properties from vocabulary", ["0038.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Remove PossibleAnswer", ["0040.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Remove rel from as:Link", ["0090.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] removing as:Link in favour of as:Object", ["0064.html"]], ["Pull request [jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams] Simplify audience targeting", ["0093.html"]], ["Refactoring audience targeting and activity target/origin", ["0059.html", "0058.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0041.html"]], ["Regular weekly meeting 7 Apr 2015", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0008.html"]], ["Removing \"to\", \"bcc\", and \"bto\"", ["0172.html", "0169.html"]], ["Removing rel from as:Link", ["0134.html", "0128.html"]], ["Resolution for Issue #29", ["0035.html", "0026.html"]], ["Resolution for Issue-35", ["0034.html", "0027.html"]], ["Social Syntax Comparison", ["0164.html", "0163.html", "0162.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 31 March 2015", ["0005.html"]], ["social-ACTION-52: Discuss re github", ["0004.html"]], ["social-ACTION-58: Setup tracking of candidate demos which showcase User Stories implementations", ["0006.html"]], ["social-ACTION-59: Discuss with wseltzer to make sure this is fine", ["0023.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-14 (elf-pavlik): as:Link adds a lot of complexity, if we keep it we need to clarify consequences of using it instead of as:Object [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-17 (Online Identity): Identity, Agent, Person, Persona, Account etc. need clarifications", ["0000.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-36 (JSON-LD contexts): Role and evolution of recommended JSON-LD @contexts [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0031.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-37 (paging alignment): LDP & AS2.0 paging alignment [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0159.html"]], ["Static webpages", ["0021.html"]], ["Telecon 28 April 2015 17:00UTC", ["0165.html"]], ["Teleconference 2015-04-07 17:00 UTC", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Teleconference 21 Apr 2015 1700UTC", ["0095.html", "0094.html", "0079.html"]], ["To be Or noT To Be a Link Relation", ["0182.html", "0180.html", "0179.html", "0178.html"]], ["Transient/ephemeral activities? Keeping all activities around, forever?", ["0046.html"]]], [["ACTION-31: Will ask w3c systeam about prospect for archiving osf blog posts and perhaps other content", ["0070.html"]], ["ACTION-40: Invite annotations wg", ["0071.html"]], ["ACTION-41: Review with wendy to figure out best way forward with microformats", ["0076.html"]], ["ACTION-5 and ACTON-12: Get clarification on PubSubHubbub", ["0068.html", "0067.html"]], ["Activity Streams 2.0 Test Suite", ["0109.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0099.html"]], ["Added User Story for MediaObject (+ can LDP help?)", ["0204.html"]], ["AS 2.0 pump-like spec", ["0228.html", "0227.html", "0224.html", "0223.html", "0222.html"]], ["AS 2.0 Test Suite Approach", ["0229.html"]], ["AS2 Issues List", ["0232.html", "0231.html", "0230.html"]], ["AS2.0: JSON and/or RDF based?", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["dandus - Activity Streams 2.0 Server", ["0193.html", "0164.html"]], ["Demos of API Candidates during Face 2 Face", ["0100.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0091.html", "0090.html"]], ["Deprecate \"actor\" in favor of \"attributeTo\"", ["0206.html", "0183.html", "0182.html", "0171.html", "0170.html"]], ["Details of INRIA for May 4-5th F2F of Social WG/IG", ["0221.html"]], ["Distributed architecture and social justice / at risk individuals", ["0131.html", "0128.html"]], ["Drafts: Social Web Architecture & Social Web Glossary", ["0007.html"]], ["Fwd: RDF Shapes has published shacl (Shapes Constraint Language) draft", ["0127.html"]], ["Fwd: W3C TPAC 2015 - Will your group meet in Sapporo?", ["0053.html"]], ["GSoC 2015 deadline (2015-03-27), Apache Stanbol and Apache Marmotta", ["0192.html"]], ["hosting for Paris F2F May ?", ["0198.html", "0197.html"]], ["hosting for Paris F2F May ?]", ["0199.html"]], ["hotel discount for meeting in Paris", ["0184.html"]], ["I-JSON now RFC", ["0148.html"]], ["ISSUE-18: We need to know if there are any other products in this space and if there are any dependencies between ldp and opensocial planned in the future?", ["0078.html"]], ["ISSUE-22: Need to get data on implementor interest on specific features of the as spec", ["0112.html"]], ["ISSUE-23: Look at backward compatibility for as 2.0", ["0116.html", "0114.html"]], ["ISSUE-24: Do we put requirement on supporting static websites?", ["0124.html"]], ["ISSUE-25: What syntax is (syntaxes are) to be used in the social api (eg microformats vs json-ld; form-encoding vs json-ld)", ["0126.html", "0125.html"]], ["ISSUE-27: How do we represent changes to a profile in an activity", ["0163.html"]], ["ISSUE-7: Are as consumers required to understand the pre-json-ld syntax?", ["0046.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0016.html"]], ["Joint Social Web/Social Interest Group and W3C/MIT Lunch", ["0110.html"]], ["JSON-LD illustrated videos from Manu Sporny!", ["0063.html", "0061.html", "0047.html"]], ["List of commonly used property names when used as *inverse*?", ["0219.html"]], ["microformats 2 and Linked Data", ["0089.html", "0088.html"]], ["Minutes for March 24, 2015", ["0175.html"]], ["Next Face 2 Face, 2015-03-17 @MIT", ["0092.html", "0075.html", "0072.html", "0065.html"]], ["Non-USA callers note Daylights Saving - conference is at 12:00 ET", ["0074.html", "0073.html", "0069.html"]], ["Poll for next F2F", ["0145.html", "0144.html", "0142.html", "0140.html", "0139.html", "0138.html", "0136.html", "0135.html", "0123.html", "0121.html", "0120.html"]], ["Poll for next F2F]", ["0137.html"]], ["process request -- was: Using a Smart Client", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Profiles", ["0189.html", "0159.html"]], ["Re-fill out survey for F2F: Henry Story, Jessica Tallon, Tantek, Sandro, David, Shane", ["0156.html"]], ["Refactor \"target\", \"origin\" and audience targeting properties", ["0176.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["regrets 3 March", ["0010.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Removing Activity Types not used by User Stories", ["0201.html", "0200.html", "0196.html", "0195.html", "0194.html", "0187.html", "0186.html", "0185.html", "0168.html", "0167.html", "0166.html"]], ["Response needed! Please vote again... dates now correct", ["0146.html"]], ["Reusing known predicates to discover relevant Containers/Collections", ["0130.html"]], ["reusing Vocabulary terms in Social API (Hypermedia)", ["0005.html"]], ["Second AS2.0 javascript lib", ["0157.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 3 March 2015", ["0008.html", "0004.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 31 March 2015", ["0226.html", "0220.html", "0217.html", "0214.html", "0207.html", "0203.html"]], ["social-ACTION-29: Reach out to open social foundation participants to invite them to join the w3c social web wg", ["0020.html"]], ["social-ACTION-34: add explaination to the spec about multiple serializations used in examples", ["0018.html"]], ["social-ACTION-41: Review with wendy to figure out best way forward with microformats", ["0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0011.html"]], ["social-ACTION-42: MediaObject - gather options for its social syntax on a wiki page", ["0019.html"]], ["social-ACTION-43: propose *lightweight* inference based on RDFa Vocabulary Expansion", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["social-ACTION-43: propose *lightweight* inference based on RDFa Vocabulary Expansion (also: ISSUE-12)", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["social-ACTION-44: Collection - compare AS2 design with LDP, Hydra, Schema.org etc.", ["0031.html"]], ["social-ACTION-45: Testing ontology using ontology testing by verifying that there are no inconsistencies at that level", ["0077.html"]], ["social-ACTION-46: Add details to issue-18", ["0093.html", "0079.html"]], ["social-ACTION-47: Acquire sqldump of opensocial site database and upload somewhere", ["0080.html"]], ["social-ACTION-48: Set-up a github for as2.0 testing (whatever that ends up being, we'll need a github!)", ["0111.html"]], ["social-ACTION-49: Publish as2.0 data on one's own website", ["0113.html"]], ["social-ACTION-50: Extract the examples from the main documents, pick properties and put together a test for those examples", ["0115.html"]], ["social-ACTION-51: Discuss with rigo travel budget to see if more funding can be found for a paris event", ["0117.html"]], ["social-ACTION-52: Discuss re github", ["0118.html"]], ["social-ACTION-53: Make doodle poll for f2f between now and tpac", ["0119.html"]], ["social-ACTION-54: Investigate 'my client' to 'someone else server' authentication", ["0122.html"]], ["social-ACTION-55: Upload the 2015-03-10 minutes to the wiki", ["0161.html"]], ["social-ACTION-56: Assemble the minutes from march f2f", ["0162.html"]], ["social-ACTION-57: extract all AS2.0 examples in specs into separate files + expose them to JSON-LD Playground", ["0225.html"]], ["social-ACTION-6: Cycle with wendy and google on push licensing", ["0017.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-14 (elf-pavlik): as:Link adds a lot of complexity, if we keep it we need to clarify consequences of using it instead of as:Object [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0202.html", "0062.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-15 (elf-pavlik): AS2.0 Vocabulary in many ways duplicates microformats.org and schema.org efforts [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0000.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-16 (grammar/vocabulary): better separate grammar/vocabulary and improved spec structure [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0211.html", "0210.html", "0209.html", "0208.html", "0059.html", "0049.html", "0001.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-17 (Online Identity): Identity, Agent, Person, Persona, Account etc. need clarifications", ["0155.html", "0009.html", "0006.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-19 (channel explosion): WG communication channel explosion", ["0087.html", "0081.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-20 (Collection Serialization): Represent Collections using JSON Text Sequences (RFC 7464)", ["0095.html", "0082.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-21 (JSON-LD & RDF): Role of JSON-LD and RDF", ["0094.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-26 (as2profiles): Representing profiles in Activity Streams 2.0 [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0212.html", "0160.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-28: Remodel \"Connect\" and \"FriendRequest\" or Remove them?", ["0213.html", "0172.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-29: Removing Activity Types not used by User Stories", ["0173.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-30: Deprecate \"actor\" in favor of \"attributedTo\"", ["0174.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-31: Refactor \"target\", \"origin\" and audience targeting properties", ["0177.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-32: Deprecate \"generator\" and \"provider\"", ["0178.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-33: Deprecate or remove the \"rating\" property", ["0179.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-34: Context vs. Motivation", ["0180.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-35: Simplify the Actor Types", ["0205.html", "0181.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-36 (JSON-LD contexts): Role and evolution of recommended JSON-LD @contexts [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0218.html", "0216.html", "0215.html"]], ["St. Patrick's Day Travel Advisory for tomorrow's F2F", ["0108.html", "0107.html"]], ["story: Developing a Smart Client", ["0032.html"]], ["Telecon 10 March 2015", ["0066.html", "0064.html", "0058.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0048.html"]], ["teleconf and stories", ["0034.html"]], ["Teleconference 2015-03-24 17:00 UTC", ["0133.html", "0129.html"]], ["Using a Smart Client", ["0033.html"]], ["Vocabulary 'tutorial'?", ["0158.html", "0154.html", "0153.html", "0152.html", "0151.html", "0150.html", "0149.html", "0147.html", "0143.html", "0141.html", "0134.html", "0132.html"]], ["Vocabulary Modeling: Connect as Verb or Connection as Object?", ["0191.html", "0190.html", "0188.html", "0169.html", "0165.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2015 - Will your group meet in Sapporo?", ["0060.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html"]]], [["\"Threaded conversation\" user story", ["0168.html", "0167.html", "0164.html"]], ["2 APIs and the charter", ["0118.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0107.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html"]], ["aboyet votes are mine as well", ["0178.html", "0174.html", "0169.html"]], ["API thoughts", ["0008.html"]], ["AS2.0: JSON and/or RDF based?", ["0070.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0065.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0051.html"]], ["clear strategy for multiple AS2.0 serializations?", ["0187.html"]], ["discussion of some -1s by Ben Roberts", ["0166.html", "0157.html", "0156.html"]], ["do types influence behavior?", ["0123.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html"]], ["do we need an ISSUE for the processing model?", ["0125.html"]], ["Drafts: Social Web Architecture & Social Web Glossary", ["0083.html"]], ["Experimental Github Webhook", ["0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0072.html"]], ["Fwd: Proposal for Schema.org extension mechanism", ["0114.html"]], ["Fwd: Vocabulary Considerations for xAPI", ["0189.html"]], ["Fwd: xAPI Badges integration(Including references to badge assertions in Experience API activity streams)", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Implementations (former: User stories for Social API)", ["0115.html", "0113.html", "0111.html", "0104.html", "0089.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html"]], ["is there such a thing as a conditional synonym?", ["0081.html"]], ["Link Relations (former: Webfinger)", ["0052.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 2015/02/17", ["0130.html"]], ["New Working Drafts published", ["0124.html"]], ["on API Requirements", ["0186.html", "0185.html", "0184.html", "0183.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0128.html", "0127.html"]], ["regrets for 2/17", ["0129.html", "0126.html"]], ["Server administrator & accounts on shared instances (+ToS)", ["0180.html", "0179.html", "0176.html", "0175.html", "0173.html", "0172.html", "0171.html", "0170.html"]], ["social APIs -- any additions from your part of the world? HELP!", ["0135.html", "0133.html", "0132.html"]], ["social APIs -- any additions from your part of the world? HELP! (fwd)", ["0134.html"]], ["Social Architecture Report: Extensibility", ["0117.html", "0116.html", "0106.html", "0061.html"]], ["Social syntax: Data model, Serialization(s), Vocabulary(ies)", ["0149.html", "0147.html", "0146.html"]], ["Social user stories -- time to vote", ["0163.html", "0162.html", "0161.html", "0160.html", "0155.html", "0154.html", "0153.html", "0152.html", "0151.html", "0150.html", "0148.html", "0144.html", "0140.html"]], ["Social Web Glossary", ["0027.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 10 February 2015", ["0049.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 3 March 2015", ["0202.html"]], ["social-ACTION-11: Expand on Facebook APIs", ["0204.html"]], ["social-ACTION-34: add explaination to the spec about multiple serializations used in examples", ["0205.html"]], ["social-ACTION-35: Come up with a simple proposal for implicit typing based on property names https://www.w3.org/social/track/issues/4", ["0013.html"]], ["social-ACTION-36: Resolve issue 6 https://www.w3.org/social/track/issues/6", ["0014.html"]], ["social-ACTION-37: Put forth the test suite plan using standard js tools https://www.w3.org/social/track/issues/8", ["0015.html"]], ["social-ACTION-38: Convert social api requirements to 2-10 user stories of 3-5 sentences each", ["0016.html"]], ["social-ACTION-39: Follow up with xAPI developers community", ["0122.html"]], ["social-ACTION-40: Invite annotations wg", ["0203.html", "0190.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-12 (ActionStructure): Action Types Structure and Processing Model [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0145.html", "0143.html", "0142.html", "0141.html", "0139.html", "0138.html", "0137.html", "0136.html", "0131.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-13 (ActivityTypes): Which activity types are built into AS2, and how are they defined/structured? [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0159.html", "0158.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-14 (elf-pavlik): as:Link adds a lot of complexity, if we keep it we need to clarify consequences of using it instead of as:Object [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0188.html"]], ["Sorting out User Stories", ["0201.html", "0200.html", "0199.html", "0198.html", "0197.html", "0196.html", "0195.html", "0194.html", "0193.html", "0192.html", "0191.html"]], ["Stories & Groupings (former: User stories for Social API)", ["0088.html", "0079.html"]], ["story or not?", ["0121.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0108.html", "0105.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0082.html", "0080.html"]], ["Telecon 2015-02-17 18:00 UTC", ["0112.html"]], ["Teleconference 24 Feb 2015 18:00 UTC", ["0181.html", "0165.html"]], ["Teleconference at 18:00 UTC on 3 Feb 2015 (today!)", ["0012.html"]], ["Testing process for Javascript APIs", ["0017.html"]], ["today's meeting minutes", ["0078.html"]], ["User stories for Social API", ["0064.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["User stories from XG", ["0077.html"]], ["User Stories problem", ["0073.html", "0071.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["Vast majority of WG and IG members still need to vote on user-stories", ["0182.html", "0177.html"]], ["Webfinger", ["0050.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Webfinger)", ["0011.html", "0007.html"]]], [["additions from Boeing", ["0083.html"]], ["API (and identity) thoughts", ["0084.html"]], ["API thoughts", ["0103.html", "0102.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0079.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html"]], ["Archiving OpenSocial's blogposts - an update", ["0054.html"]], ["AS2 node implementation", ["0041.html"]], ["At risk for today's telecon", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions (update): Activity Streams 2.0; Activity Vocabulary", ["0059.html"]], ["clear strategy for multiple AS2.0 serializations?", ["0101.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0092.html"]], ["Correction: 1800 UTC", ["0005.html"]], ["Distributed architecture and social justice / at risk individuals", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Express Offers/Credentials as JSON-LD in HTML pages", ["0037.html"]], ["Fwd: A versioning model for schema.org", ["0089.html"]], ["Fwd: Call for a co-chair for the Social IG", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Fwd: Express Offers/Credentials as JSON-LD in HTML pages", ["0036.html"]], ["FYI: Interval Vocabulary", ["0044.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["FYI: Social Graph of Los Alamos", ["0055.html"]], ["ldp + swat0", ["0078.html", "0076.html", "0071.html"]], ["Minutes from today's call", ["0008.html"]], ["New Working Drafts published", ["0090.html"]], ["on API Requirements", ["0113.html", "0109.html", "0097.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0091.html", "0080.html", "0077.html", "0072.html"]], ["Proposal: Moving forward with a draft of an API", ["0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["reusing Vocabulary terms in Social API (Hypermedia)", ["0088.html", "0087.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0056.html", "0053.html"]], ["Review of requirements for Social API", ["0049.html"]], ["Social Web and LDP", ["0000.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 20 January 2015", ["0050.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0039.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["social-ACTION-14: Set up json-ld context for namespace", ["0009.html"]], ["social-ACTION-22: Create wiki page for mentions and proposal", ["0003.html"]], ["social-ACTION-24: Get the minutes for the 12/16 meeting online by next week", ["0006.html"]], ["social-ACTION-25: Discuss social api functional requirement process with ig", ["0007.html"]], ["social-ACTION-26: Review microformats due jan 14, 2015", ["0021.html"]], ["social-ACTION-27: Update http://jasnell.github.io/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams/activitystreams2.html by jan 16, 2015", ["0022.html"]], ["social-ACTION-28: Prepare working draft for publication based on http://jasnell.github.io/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams/activitystreams2-vocabulary.html by jan 16, 2105", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0023.html"]], ["social-ACTION-29: Reach out to open social foundation participants to invite them to join the w3c social web wg", ["0024.html"]], ["social-ACTION-30: Ask opensocial folks about w3c archiving their blog posts", ["0025.html"]], ["social-ACTION-31: Will ask w3c systeam about prospect for archiving osf blog posts and perhaps other content", ["0026.html"]], ["social-ACTION-32: Examine apis for yandex, vkontakte, sina weibo, tencent, and/or renren", ["0051.html"]], ["social-ACTION-33: Test action", ["0052.html"]], ["social-ACTION-34: add explaination to the spec about multiple serializations used in examples", ["0100.html"]], ["Telecon 27 Jan 2015 18:00 UTC", ["0067.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0058.html"]], ["Telecon at 17:00 UTC today, Tuesday Jan 6 2015", ["0004.html"]], ["Teleconference Tuesday 1/13 at 18:00 UTC", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["testing activity streams", ["0057.html"]], ["Webfinger", ["0112.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html"]]], [["#Vocabulary W3C Collaboration Vocab", ["0039.html"]], ["@SocialWebWG twitter account?", ["0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html"]], ["[FYI] experimental vocabs", ["0024.html"]], ["Agenda for 12/9 call", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Extended Vocabulary Drafts", ["0002.html"]], ["Extended Vocabulary Status", ["0027.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Federated/Distributed @mentions", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0022.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Fwd: Person, Persona, Profile, OnlineAccount, ...", ["0071.html"]], ["Improving communicating REGRETS", ["0050.html"]], ["Jason Robinson & the-federation.info", ["0066.html"]], ["Minutes for Dec 16th meeting", ["0070.html", "0069.html"]], ["Minutes from today, 14-12-02", ["0006.html"]], ["On Vocabulary Draft and Schema.org", ["0073.html", "0072.html"]], ["OpenSocial Foundation Moving Standards Work to W3C Social Web Activity (Press Release)", ["0068.html", "0067.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Possible regrets", ["0045.html", "0041.html"]], ["Proposal: drop instrument, participant and status", ["0074.html"]], ["regrets", ["0055.html"]], ["Regrets for any meetings between now and 6 January", ["0054.html"]], ["sched needs update", ["0051.html"]], ["Social Web and LDP", ["0053.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 16 December 2014", ["0065.html", "0064.html", "0052.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 9 December 2014", ["0049.html", "0040.html"]], ["social-ACTION-17: Link to opensocial extensions to activity streams 1.0", ["0003.html"]], ["social-ACTION-18: Note about advertising in twitter and facebook apis", ["0004.html"]], ["social-ACTION-19: Get stats on whether and to what extent pump.io developers use put and delete for endpoints", ["0005.html"]], ["social-ACTION-20: Set up hosting for f2f 17 & 18 march 2015", ["0046.html"]], ["social-ACTION-21: Contact sandro to enforce action-20", ["0047.html"]], ["social-ACTION-22: Create wiki page for mentions and proposal", ["0048.html"]], ["social-ACTION-23: Update schedule to show only milestones for approval on jan 6", ["0056.html"]], ["Telecon 2 Dec 2014", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C Social WG and federation consensus/collaboration", ["0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html"]]], [["**PROPOSED** AS2 spec update", ["0081.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["2014-11-18 minutes", ["0175.html", "0173.html", "0171.html", "0156.html", "0155.html", "0154.html"]], ["[Implementation] AS 2.0 Java", ["0125.html", "0124.html"]], ["A Social API (and Federation Protocol) Proposal", ["0063.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0053.html"]], ["Activity Streams 1.0 basic schema verbs and object types", ["0121.html", "0117.html", "0104.html"]], ["Activity Streams 1.0 basic schema verbs and object types supported by pump.io", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html"]], ["Activity Streams Extended Vocabulary", ["0153.html", "0149.html", "0147.html", "0145.html", "0144.html"]], ["ActivityStreams Schema: Hierarchy of Types", ["0139.html", "0136.html", "0134.html", "0133.html", "0132.html", "0131.html", "0130.html", "0129.html", "0128.html", "0127.html", "0126.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0116.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0102.html", "0100.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0064.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0050.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Agenda for 18 Nov 2014 18:00UTC meeting", ["0148.html", "0146.html"]], ["Agenda for Conference Call 11 Nov 2014 18:00 UTC", ["0103.html"]], ["Another pass at as:Link", ["0047.html", "0040.html"]], ["Apologies (former: ActivityStreams Schema: Hierarchy of Types)", ["0142.html", "0138.html", "0135.html"]], ["AS2.0 proposal: remove as:Link", ["0143.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Collection with members from result of SPARQL CONSTRUCT", ["0051.html", "0008.html"]], ["Collection/Container design - AS, Hydra, LDP, SIOC, ...", ["0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0087.html"]], ["Compacting on ActivityStreams receive in the API?", ["0178.html", "0177.html", "0176.html"]], ["cooperation between W3C and schema.org", ["0205.html", "0204.html", "0203.html"]], ["Digital Signatures for Credentials", ["0166.html", "0165.html", "0163.html", "0162.html", "0161.html"]], ["Digital Signatures on the Social Web", ["0164.html"]], ["Draft minutes from Social WG/IG TPAC meeting available", ["0109.html"]], ["Editor's Draft Updated", ["0140.html"]], ["Enough digital signature discussion", ["0172.html"]], ["Extended Vocabulary Drafts", ["0184.html"]], ["F2F2 Doodle poll", ["0191.html"]], ["Face to Face Meeting Schedule", ["0185.html", "0183.html"]], ["Facebook Graph API", ["0197.html", "0194.html", "0192.html"]], ["Fwd: [whatwg] New approach to activities/intents", ["0105.html"]], ["Fwd: Digital Signatures for Credentials", ["0167.html", "0160.html", "0159.html", "0158.html", "0157.html", "0152.html", "0151.html", "0150.html"]], ["Fwd: ldp wishlist for crosscloud", ["0095.html"]], ["GNU MediaGoblin", ["0200.html", "0199.html", "0198.html", "0196.html", "0195.html"]], ["Language Context", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Minutes for 11-11-2014", ["0123.html"]], ["Minutes for 11-25-2014 meeting", ["0193.html"]], ["Minutes of 4 November 2014 Teleconf", ["0049.html"]], ["On as:Link (was: Remove \"rel\" from Link)", ["0039.html"]], ["Path toward a Social API", ["0118.html"]], ["Proposal: Adding a bit more detail about the AS 1.0 handling", ["0141.html"]], ["Proposal: remove lesser used properties from Activity Vocabulary, refactor others", ["0137.html"]], ["Remove \"rel\" from Link", ["0048.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0011.html"]], ["separation of AS2 format and vocabulary", ["0115.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 25 November 2014", ["0182.html", "0181.html", "0180.html", "0179.html", "0174.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 4 November 2014", ["0034.html", "0030.html"]], ["Social Web WG Minutes for 25 November 2014", ["0190.html"]], ["Social WG - Schema.org TPAC Breakout draft minutes", ["0110.html"]], ["social-ACTION-11: Expand on Facebook APIs", ["0168.html"]], ["social-ACTION-12: Get clarification on PubSubHubbub", ["0169.html"]], ["social-ACTION-13: Make a subsection on twitter api analysis", ["0170.html"]], ["social-ACTION-14: Set up json-ld context for namespace", ["0186.html"]], ["social-ACTION-15: Expand on IBM Connection's Social APIs", ["0189.html", "0187.html"]], ["social-ACTION-16: Link to entity description in foursquare api", ["0188.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-11 (W3C Namespace): Have W3C Namespace URI serve the JSON-LD @context", ["0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Starting work on AS2 Conformance Test Definitions", ["0062.html"]], ["Strategy for better collaboration within the group and with other groups", ["0122.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0101.html", "0099.html"]], ["TLS certificate verification policy?", ["0096.html", "0088.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html"]], ["Verbs", ["0023.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C Social WG and federation consensus/collaboration", ["0086.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0052.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Webfinger", ["0202.html", "0201.html"]]], [["2 proposals for next call agenda", ["0009.html"]], ["[webappsec] Topics for Rechartering", ["0095.html"]], ["Actions Use Case", ["0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Actions Use Cases", ["0063.html", "0060.html"]], ["Activity Streams 2.0", ["0036.html"]], ["Activity Streams and Annotations", ["0132.html", "0127.html"]], ["Activity Streams URI Namespace", ["0131.html", "0130.html", "0128.html", "0099.html", "0086.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html"]], ["Agenda for conference call 7 Oct 2014", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["AS2.0 Discovery", ["0101.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Buddyradar and future/scheduled/planned Activity", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Activity Streams 2.0, Activity Vocabulary", ["0081.html"]], ["Decoupled UIs, Hypermedia, CORS, HTML vs JSON", ["0049.html"]], ["Doodle: Link for poll \"W3C Social Web WG F2F2\"", ["0110.html"]], ["first examples from AS2.0 draft available as Turtle!", ["0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["Fwd: We're adapting Open Badges to JSON-LD", ["0133.html"]], ["Geo data in JSON-LD", ["0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Hosted JSON-LD context", ["0100.html", "0032.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["IG Use Case presentation to WG", ["0093.html"]], ["IndieWeb stack and JSON requirement + JSON-LD option?", ["0002.html"]], ["ISSUE-10: Need candidates for social api", ["0121.html"]], ["ISSUE-3: Should we drop verbs and only use nouns/object type instead?", ["0094.html"]], ["ISSUE-4: Do we rely on explicit typing or support implicit typing based on explicit property names?", ["0096.html"]], ["ISSUE-6: Make sure we have teleconferencing equipment for next f2f", ["0102.html"]], ["ISSUE-7: Are as consumers required to understand the pre-json-ld syntax?", ["0115.html", "0114.html"]], ["ISSUE-8: Test suite for activity streams 2.0", ["0119.html", "0116.html"]], ["ISSUE-9: Need candidates for federation protocol", ["0120.html"]], ["JSON-LD vs. JSON: pro vs. con?", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Let's try SWAT0 all together (former: Photo)", ["0129.html", "0124.html", "0123.html"]], ["Meeting minutes October 14th", ["0046.html", "0044.html"]], ["Meeting Oct 21st (today) at 1:00 PM EST", ["0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["Meeting room for Monday: Salon 2", ["0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html"]], ["Minutes for today's meeting (2014-10-14)", ["0045.html", "0037.html"]], ["Next F2F", ["0104.html"]], ["past discussions on Actions + Handlers in Hydra CG & WebSchemas", ["0088.html"]], ["Photo", ["0122.html"]], ["RDFa + rel=\"me\" (IndieAuth)", ["0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Reminder: Feedback on current editor's draft", ["0033.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0016.html"]], ["Reminder: Review current drafts", ["0034.html"]], ["Social API layers", ["0111.html", "0109.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0105.html"]], ["Social IG/WG TPAC F2F started: Dial-in live (same number, same IRC)", ["0092.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 14 October 2014", ["0035.html"]], ["Social WG teleconference 21 Oct 2014 17:00 UTC", ["0051.html"]], ["social-ACTION-10: Share verbs and object types from pump.io with jsnell before adapting basic schema", ["0118.html"]], ["social-ACTION-5: See if bradfitz did sign on off w3c owf licensing.", ["0097.html"]], ["social-ACTION-6: Cycle with wendy and google on push licensing", ["0098.html"]], ["social-ACTION-7: Set up a doodle poll for next f2f, with 1st week of feb and march", ["0103.html"]], ["social-ACTION-8: Look at web annotation model and figure out how it maps into social work", ["0112.html"]], ["social-ACTION-9: Adapt basic schema from activity streams 1.0 to 2.0", ["0117.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-2 (Namespace): What namespace should the Activity Streams 2.0 specification use? [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0059.html", "0055.html", "0054.html"]], ["SWAT0 with WebMention as Action Handler", ["0126.html", "0125.html"]], ["The First Public Working Drafts", ["0087.html", "0085.html", "0078.html"]], ["Today's meeting + my regrets", ["0050.html"]], ["TPAC registration", ["0056.html"]], ["TPAC: Schema.org and Social WG ( legal / technical )", ["0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["Updated Editor's Drafts", ["0001.html"]], ["Use Case Categorization", ["0113.html"]], ["Use of Github", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["using object keys in JSON-LD", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["Verbs", ["0140.html", "0139.html", "0138.html", "0136.html", "0135.html", "0134.html"]], ["Verbs]", ["0137.html"]]], [["[AS2] Deprecate \"url\" in favor of \"id\" and \"self\" link relations", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html"]], ["[Lecture] REST, Hypermedia, and the Semantic Gap: Why \"RMM Level-3 REST\" is not enough", ["0044.html"]], ["[Teleconf] Agenda for 2014-09-09 ?", ["0024.html"]], ["[Use Case] Check-In (AS2 + Action Handlers | Hydra | schema.org/Action | LDP)", ["0025.html"]], ["ACTION-2: Describe how as2 diverges from json-ld and manages the compatibility", ["0126.html"]], ["ACTION-3 comparing as:Activity || schema:Action", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0053.html", "0050.html", "0049.html"]], ["Activity and Actions Vocabulary", ["0136.html"]], ["Activity and Actions Vocabulary, Examples", ["0143.html", "0142.html", "0141.html", "0139.html"]], ["Activity Streams Vocabulary", ["0109.html", "0094.html", "0092.html", "0090.html", "0086.html"]], ["Agenda for Social WG teleconference 2014 Sep 23", ["0111.html", "0065.html"]], ["broken list: public-socialweb-comments@w3.org", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Collections - comparing Hydra, LDP, AS2.0, Schema.org", ["0059.html"]], ["Comparing Activity Streams / Schema.org / Hydra (former: 'Fwd: Schema.org applies W3C Patent Policy')", ["0023.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Comparisons - AS2, Schema.org, Microformats, Hydra, LDP", ["0048.html"]], ["Discussions about schema.org mission and governance + TPAC Social meeting invite!", ["0062.html"]], ["Draft Minutes for the Sept 30th call", ["0144.html"]], ["Draft Minutes of the 30th September Meeting", ["0146.html", "0145.html"]], ["F2F meeting at TPAC", ["0045.html", "0016.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Fwd: Live stream from the hypermedia panel discussion at API Craft on Monday 28th (tomorrow)", ["0009.html"]], ["Github adds JSON-LD support in core product (+ Schema.org/Action)", ["0068.html"]], ["Invited Expert request: Updates", ["0113.html"]], ["JSON-LD vs. JSON: pro vs. con?", ["0137.html", "0125.html", "0123.html"]], ["JSON-LD vs. JSON: pro vs. con?)", ["0127.html"]], ["Likely regrets", ["0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["Meeting with Schema.org team during TPAC", ["0115.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html"]], ["Microformats in JSON", ["0140.html", "0054.html", "0047.html"]], ["Minutes 2014-09-09", ["0112.html"]], ["Minutes from 09 September", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["Minutes of 23 September 2014?", ["0130.html", "0128.html"]], ["On the late side again? Agenda for 2014-09-23", ["0105.html", "0104.html", "0102.html", "0064.html", "0063.html"]], ["Proposal: continuing with 2+ alternative drafts in parallel", ["0118.html", "0117.html"]], ["R: Regrets for 9/2", ["0005.html"]], ["Regrets for 9/2", ["0004.html"]], ["Related Organizations and who represents which one", ["0022.html"]], ["Reminder: IndieWebCamp UK 2014 is this weekend 2014-09-06..07 in Brighton, UK", ["0014.html"]], ["Schema.org applies W3C Patent Policy", ["0000.html"]], ["schema.org examples repo + w3c-social orga (github)", ["0110.html"]], ["Slidedeck: W3C Social in 5min", ["0057.html"]], ["Social data /syntax/ vs Social data /vocabulary/", ["0095.html", "0091.html", "0087.html", "0085.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0075.html", "0070.html", "0037.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Social syntax requirements and candidates", ["0027.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 16 September 2014", ["0046.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 2 September 2014", ["0001.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 30 September 2014", ["0138.html", "0129.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 9 September 2014", ["0031.html", "0026.html"]], ["Social Web WG Minutes of 16 September 2014", ["0103.html"]], ["social-ACTION-4: Add \"what is the role of social wg, ig and cg?\" as an faq to https://www.w3.org/wiki/socialwg#faq", ["0058.html"]], ["The Vocabulary, Schema.org governance, etc.", ["0124.html", "0122.html", "0120.html", "0119.html"]], ["The Vocabulary, Schema.org governance, etc.]", ["0135.html", "0134.html", "0133.html", "0132.html", "0131.html", "0121.html"]], ["Updated Editor's Drafts", ["0147.html"]], ["Urgent: Register for Social Web at TPAC today!", ["0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html"]], ["Use cases", ["0101.html", "0100.html", "0093.html", "0089.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0076.html", "0071.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0066.html"]], ["Use cases - friending", ["0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html"]], ["Use Cases to support work of Social WG", ["0116.html", "0114.html"]], ["Use cases]", ["0088.html"]]], [["[AS2] Deprecate \"url\" in favor of \"id\" and \"self\" link relations", ["0062.html", "0060.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["[AS2] Deprecate \"url\" in favor of \"id\" and \"self\" link relations)", ["0049.html"]], ["Agenda for Informal Social WG meeting Tuesday", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["AS2 contribution review", ["0063.html"]], ["First Informal meeting of Social Interest Group", ["0025.html"]], ["Informal Social WG meeting today Tuesday 19th 16:00 EST/13:00 Pacific/20:00 Pacific", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Invited Experts for Social WG approved", ["0017.html"]], ["ISSUE-1: What should we do about https://github.com/jasnell/w3c-socialwg-activitystreams/issues/5", ["0064.html"]], ["Last informal Social WG telecon tomorrow - West Coasters, update Doodle!", ["0030.html"]], ["Minutes for the August 5th Call Informal Social Web WG", ["0026.html"]], ["Minutes of first official WG meeting: August 26th", ["0068.html", "0065.html"]], ["Minutes of first official WG meeting: August 26th)", ["0070.html", "0069.html"]], ["Minutes of our \"Not actually the last\" informal meeting Aug 12th", ["0031.html"]], ["R: [AS2] Deprecate \"url\" in favor of \"id\" and \"self\" link relations", ["0059.html"]], ["R: Agenda for Informal Social WG meeting Tuesday", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["R: Minutes of first official WG meeting: August 26th", ["0067.html", "0066.html"]], ["R: R: R: Social API: Scope", ["0004.html"]], ["R: R: Social API: Scope", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Significant German document claims: Interoperability of social networking instances is \"almost impossible\"", ["0040.html", "0037.html"]], ["Social API: Scope", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Social Interest Group Informal Meeting Minutes", ["0027.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 26 August 2014", ["0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["Social Web Working Group Charter", ["0061.html", "0041.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Tracker", ["0055.html"]], ["updated survey", ["0035.html"]], ["W3C Members with social products", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Weekly WG calls to take place on Tuesdays at 10 AM Pacific, 1 PM Eastern, 5 PM UTC", ["0036.html"]]], [["[AS2] Separate Optional Attributes to Separate Doc?", ["0003.html"]], ["Activity Streams 2.0 and Actions Drafts", ["0002.html"]], ["AS2 links", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Changing times for Social Web WG meeting?", ["0029.html", "0026.html"]], ["Changing times for Social Web WG meeting?]", ["0030.html"]], ["Informal Social WG/IG meeting 16:00 EST - +1-617-761-6200 (SOCL) #social", ["0019.html"]], ["Informal Social WG/IG meeting tomorrow", ["0020.html", "0018.html"]], ["R: AS2 links", ["0006.html"]], ["R: Informal Social WG/IG meeting tomorrow", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["R: Social API: Scope", ["0032.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Second \"informal\" joint Social IG/WG meeting - August 5th 16:00 EST", ["0025.html"]], ["Social API: Scope", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0021.html"]], ["Social Web Working Group launched, Press Release link", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Social Web/IG Informal Meeting Minutes July 29th", ["0024.html"]]], [["R: Social networking block diagram activity moves to the Social Business Community Group", ["0002.html"]], ["Social networking block diagram activity moves to the Social Business Community Group", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["additions to block diagram", ["0006.html"]], ["Agenda for next Social networking task force meeting: 21 May, 10AM ET - noon.", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0029.html"]], ["Bassetti slides for AC meeting", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Bassetti slides for AC meeting)", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Draft functional diagram", ["0004.html"]], ["Fwd: Agenda for next Social networking task force meeting: 21 May, 10AM ET - noon.", ["0033.html"]], ["Intro slides for Sophia discussion of Social Web", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0005.html"]], ["R: Draft functional diagram", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["R: Intro slides for Sophia discussion of Social Web", ["0016.html"]], ["Re-org of chart", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Reminder: Call details for *Last* Social Headlights process", ["0003.html"]], ["social diagram v4a uploaded", ["0010.html"]], ["SOCIAL HEADLIGHTS GROUP - An update of the social block diagram", ["0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Social networking next meeting", ["0009.html"]], ["Social networking next meeting: Mon. 21 May 10-12 noon", ["0021.html"]], ["\u7b54\u590d: social diagram v4a uploaded", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]]], [["2 work flow scenarios based on block diagram version 4 posted", ["0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["2 work flow scenarios based on block diagram version 4 posted - gemalto comment", ["0024.html", "0019.html"]], ["30 April meeting, summary, next steps, and next call", ["0026.html", "0022.html"]], ["Block Diagram cross posted from Social Web Headlights Task Force - feedback", ["0023.html", "0021.html"]], ["Fwd: Social networking task force meeting next steps", ["0001.html"]], ["Narrative document for Social Diagram ready for input", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Re-org of chart", ["0025.html", "0020.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Reminder - Social Headlights Telecon Today: Monday April 16 10:00 ET", ["0000.html"]], ["Reminder: Headlights meeting today 11:00 AM ET/5:00 PM CET", ["0006.html"]], ["Social Block Diagram Narrative Wiki page created", ["0008.html"]], ["social diagram v4", ["0015.html"]], ["SocialWeb Next call: 30 April 10:00 am to 12 noon eastern", ["0017.html"]], ["Summary of 23 April call and next call on 30 April", ["0007.html"]]]]