[[["[PWG] 2020-05-11, 2020-05-18 & 2020-05-25 NO Agendas & NO Meetings", ["0005.html"]], ["no meeting on monday", ["0003.html"]], ["Publishing Working Group Charter Extended until 1 November 2020", ["0000.html"]], ["Wendy and Marisa on audiobooks", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Your test is in the report now", ["0001.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2020-04-27", ["0006.html"]], ["[Minutes] Publishing WG 2020-04-06", ["0001.html"]], ["[pwg] 2020-04-06 Agenda", ["0000.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-04-13 NO Agenda & NO Meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-04-20 NO Agenda & NO Meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["[pwg] 2020-04-27 Agenda", ["0005.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-05-04 NO Agenda & NO Meeting", ["0011.html"]], ["Audiobooks: testing UA behavior", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["DRAFT PROPOSED EPUB 3 Working Group Charter https://w3c.github.io/epub-3-wg-charter/", ["0003.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2020-03-02", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2020-03-23", ["0027.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-03-02 Agenda", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-03-09 NO Agenda & NO Meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-03-16 NO Agenda & NO Meeting", ["0007.html"]], ["[pwg] 2020-03-22 Agenda", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-03-30 NO Agenda & NO Meeting", ["0028.html"]], ["[pwg] VOTE: Publish update to LPF note", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Canceled event: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Mar 9, 2020 9am - 10am (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0006.html"]], ["R: [pwg] VOTE: Publish update to LPF note", ["0018.html"]]], [["[IANA #1160739] Request for media type application/lpf+zip (comments)", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2020-02-03", ["0002.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-02-03 Agenda", ["0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-03-02 Agenda", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["[PWG] Next Call MARCH 2ND (no meetings Feb 10th, 17th, and 24th)", ["0004.html"]], ["EPUB and Digital Publishing Survey: Today, Tomorrow, and Beyond", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Fwd: [IANA #1160739] Request for media type application/lpf+zip (comments)", ["0006.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2020-01-06", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2020-01-27", ["0028.html"]], ["[pwg] 2020-01-27 agenda (last minute", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["[PWG] 2020-02-03 Agenda", ["0030.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2020-01-06", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["[PWG] agenda 2020-01-20", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[pwg] Regrets: Agenda 2020-01-06", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[PWG] Regrets: agenda 2020-01-20", ["0018.html"]], ["FYI: 'publication' rel value is now officially registered", ["0008.html"]], ["FYI: Personalization Semantics TF (under the APA) requests wide review of 3 documents", ["0029.html"]], ["R: [pwg] Agenda 2020-01-06", ["0001.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-12-02", ["0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-12-09", ["0017.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-12-02 agenda", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-12-09 Agenda", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0010.html"]], ["[pwg] Meeting 2019-12-16 Cancelled", ["0019.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Audiobooks", ["0011.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Publication Manifest", ["0012.html"]], ["CR published!", ["0013.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["CSS Writing Modes Level 3 is now a Rec", ["0018.html"]], ["Test repository", ["0014.html", "0004.html"]], ["Xdossier (lapsed IETF draft)", ["0020.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2011-11-11", ["0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-11-04", ["0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-11-18", ["0044.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-12-02 agenda", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-11-04", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-11-11", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-11-18 (yes, TODAY)", ["0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0037.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-11-25 -- NO MEETING", ["0049.html", "0047.html"]], ["[pwg] Proposed Vote for Publication of LPF and moving to CR", ["0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Reminder] Call for Exclusions: Publication Manifest", ["0052.html"]], ["R: [pwg] Proposed Vote for Publication of LPF and moving to CR", ["0034.html"]], ["references to sync media in audiobooks", ["0053.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["Regrets: [pwg] Agenda 2019-11-18 (yes, TODAY)", ["0046.html"]], ["The submission for CR", ["0048.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2010-10-21", ["0026.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-10-07", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-10-14", ["0019.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-10-07", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-10-14", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-10-21", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-11-04", ["0030.html"]], ["[pwg] NO Agenda 2019-10-28; NO Meeting (but read homework herein)", ["0028.html"]], ["Another experimental implementation for the Processing part of the manifest", ["0029.html"]], ["Fwd: 48-Hour Call for Consensus (CfC): Support for Audiobook", ["0020.html"]], ["How to provide a test file?", ["0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-09-09", ["0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-09-16 (F2F)", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-09-30", ["0029.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-09-09", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-09-30", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["[pwg] No Meeting on September 23", ["0020.html"]], ["[Reminder] Call for Exclusions: Audiobook Profile for Web Publications", ["0019.html"]], ["Fwd: October 2019 BIC Breakfast, October 9th, 2019 (Sponsor's Event)", ["0004.html"]], ["How can I unsubscribe from this mailing list?", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Meeting with Amazon", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Minutes from Fukuoka", ["0016.html"]], ["New versions of the drafts have just been published", ["0009.html"]], ["PING questionnaire and privacy/security section", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Regrets: [pwg] Agenda 2019-09-30", ["0028.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-08-05", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-08-12", ["0012.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-08-19", ["0017.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-08-26", ["0067.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-08-05 Agenda", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-08-12 Agenda", ["0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-08-19 Agenda", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-08-26", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["[pwg] Meeting Cancelled 2019-09-02", ["0070.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Publication Manifest", ["0069.html"]], ["New audiobook draft has also been published", ["0071.html"]], ["pub-manifest is now an official draft", ["0068.html"]], ["Running headers/footers / new version of DPUB-ARIA?", ["0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Seeking feedback for Ace by DAISY - App release candidate", ["0000.html"]], ["Updated invitation: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Aug 5, 2019 9am - 10am (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0006.html"]], ["Will not be able to attend 8-12-19 meeting", ["0010.html"]], ["Working Group note have been published", ["0013.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-07-01", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-07-08", ["0044.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-07-29", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["[publishingcg] Agenda for 7/9/19", ["0011.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-07-08 Agenda", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-07-29 Agenda", ["0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 2019-07-01", ["0000.html"]], ["Canceled event: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Jul 15, 2019 9am - 10am (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0015.html"]], ["Canceled event: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Jul 22, 2019 9am - 10am (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0016.html"]], ["I submitted this as a comment to the blog post \"Future of WPUB\"", ["0013.html"]], ["it's a girl!", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Maybe of interest: \u201cLibrary terminology informally explained\u201d", ["0017.html", "0004.html"]], ["PING AI followup [Deborah, Benjamin, Brady]", ["0012.html"]], ["Publishing WG Summer Hiatus -- skipping next two meetings!", ["0014.html"]], ["Reminder: Register for TPAC 2019", ["0020.html"]], ["Videos of the Digital Publishing Summit 2019 are online", ["0048.html"]], ["Web Developer Needs Survey by MDN", ["0019.html"]], ["Welcome to the Publishing Working Group", ["0018.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-06-03", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-06-10", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-06-17", ["0019.html"]], ["[publishingcg] Call for Participation: Inaugural Meeting", ["0022.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-06-03 agenda", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-06-24 agenda", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-06-10", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-06-17", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 2019-07-01", ["0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["[pwg] Regrets: 2019-06-03 agenda", ["0001.html"]], ["[pwg] Regrets: 2019-06-24 agenda", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["[pwg] Regrets: Agenda 2019-06-17", ["0010.html"]], ["Audiobooks FPWD Description", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0021.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Audiobook Profile for Web Publications", ["0023.html"]], ["minutes", ["0036.html"]], ["New feature for scribing", ["0002.html"]], ["Reminder: TPAC Diversity Fund applications open", ["0013.html"]], ["TPAC: IE waver and Diversity fund", ["0012.html"]], ["W3C community helping a coding hashtag go viral on Twitter", ["0020.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-05-20", ["0013.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-05-21", ["0014.html"]], ["[Minutes] F2F meeting, Cambridge", ["0001.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-05-20 Agenda", ["0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-06-03 agenda", ["0020.html"]], ["Interesting scholarly sort-of-audiobook", ["0003.html"]], ["New member introduction", ["0011.html"]], ["no meeting on 13 May", ["0002.html"]], ["PWG ice cream social", ["0000.html"]], ["Smart people write about packaging", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["status of packaging document", ["0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["TAG Has Published \"Ethical Web Principles\" Finding (and other F2F notes)", ["0021.html"]], ["TPAC 2019 registration now open", ["0006.html"]], ["Voyager Japan, Inc. has nominated Masakazu Kitahara to Publishing Working Group", ["0007.html"]], ["Web Packaging and Web Publishing Working Group: need for the signature?", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Welcome to PWG!", ["0018.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-04-01", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-04-08", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-04-15", ["0024.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-04-29", ["0031.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-04-08", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-04-15", ["0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-04-29", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["[pwg] No Meeting Today 2019-04-22", ["0025.html"]], ["action management", ["0028.html"]], ["Fwd: New types and properties in Schema.org", ["0001.html"]], ["PWG ice cream social", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0020.html"]], ["updated wpub draft", ["0016.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-03-04", ["0006.html", "0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-03-11", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-03-18", ["0026.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-03-25", ["0033.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-03-04 Agenda", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-03-11 Agenda", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-03-18 Agenda", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-04-01 agenda", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 2019-03-25", ["0032.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["EPUBCheck t-shirts", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["FYI: Fwd: Schema.org v3.5 release candidate for review", ["0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Updated invitation: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Mar 4, 2019 9am - 10am (PST) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0002.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-02-25", ["0018.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2019-02-04", ["0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes of 2019-02-11", ["0008.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-02-25 agenda", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["[pwg] 2019-03-04 Agenda", ["0019.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-02-04", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-02-11", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["[pwg] minutes from PWG Asia meeting", ["0010.html"]], ["[pwg] no meeting on Monday", ["0011.html"]], ["[pwg] quite possible regrets: Agenda 2019-02-11", ["0007.html"]], ["Lightweight packaging document merged", ["0009.html"]], ["Official version of the UCR...", ["0012.html"]], ["Publishing WG Asia Meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Solidarity of the W3C to the family of Vagner Diniz", ["0006.html"]], ["Welcome to PWG!", ["0020.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-01-07", ["0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-01-14", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-01-28", ["0018.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-01-07", ["0001.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-01-28", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2019-02-04", ["0021.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20190114", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[pwg] Changes to the Document and Explainer", ["0009.html"]], ["[pwg] For Monday: Issues to be Closed", ["0022.html"]], ["[pwg] Milestones and a reminder for next week", ["0008.html"]], ["Feedback on WP", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Hotel in Boston", ["0002.html"]], ["MPEG as packaging for audio books", ["0000.html"]], ["Refreshed wpub draft", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Robin Seaman's Memorial website", ["0013.html"]], ["W3C Transitional Publishing Industry (TPI) program termination notice", ["0017.html"]]], [["[AudioTF] Agenda 2018-12-14", ["0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["[AudioTF] Agenda 2018-12-14)", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0052.html", "0049.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["[AudioTF] Some helpful comments from an audio publisher", ["0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-12-03", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-12-10", ["0026.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-12-17", ["0087.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2018-12-03", ["0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2018-12-10", ["0011.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 2018-12-17", ["0062.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 2018-12-17 corrected", ["0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0074.html", "0063.html"]], ["Additional TOC issues", ["0012.html"]], ["Audio TF meeting minutes for 2018-12-14", ["0081.html"]], ["Bibframe2Schema.org Community Group Proposed", ["0007.html"]], ["Canceled event: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Dec 24, 2018 9am - 10am (PST) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0050.html"]], ["Canceled event: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Dec 31, 2018 9am - 10am (PST) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0051.html"]], ["Refreshed draft", ["0073.html", "0053.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0045.html"]]], [["\"Do we really care if it's part of the core Web browser engine or not?\"", ["0031.html", "0028.html"]], ["[AudioTF] Meeting #4", ["0018.html", "0015.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-11-05", ["0011.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-11-12", ["0025.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-11-19", ["0037.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-11-26", ["0040.html"]], ["[pwg] 2018-11-12 agenda", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["[pwg] 2018-11-12 agenda)", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0014.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2018-11-19", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2018-11-26", ["0039.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda 2018-12-03", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20181105", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20181105)", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["DAISY Consortium representative Matt Garrish no longer participant in Publishing Working Group", ["0038.html"]], ["Hello to Publishing WG", ["0012.html"]], ["New to the Publishing Working Group", ["0001.html"]], ["The Electronic Document Conference", ["0041.html"]]], [["[AudioTF] Meeting #3", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-10-01", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-10-15", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0036.html"]], ["[Minutes] F2F meeting minutes", ["0051.html", "0050.html", "0048.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["[pwg] 20181008 agenda", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[pwg] NO meeting on 29 October", ["0047.html"]], ["[PWG] Tentative Agenda 20181001", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] TPAC feedback", ["0049.html"]], ["Dial-in for the F2F meeting at TPAC", ["0040.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2018-10-08", ["0025.html"]], ["Regrets - TPAC", ["0044.html", "0042.html"]], ["Regrets: {pwg] agenda 20181015", ["0035.html"]], ["Report of our Workshop in Tokyo is now available", ["0041.html", "0037.html"]], ["tips for Lyon from jiminy", ["0032.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - List of restaurants", ["0031.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - Registration closes on 14 October", ["0020.html"]], ["tpac dinner", ["0026.html"]], ["TPAC Wednesday Session: Personalization", ["0043.html"]], ["W. W. Norton has nominated Caroline Hayes to Publishing Working Group", ["0052.html"]], ["{pwg] agenda 20181015", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]]], [["[minutes] 2018-09-10", ["0011.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20180910", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180917", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["[pwg] minutes", ["0018.html"]], ["[PWG] No-Agenda 20180924 [NO MEETING]", ["0020.html"]], ["[PWG] Tentative Agenda 20181001", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Canceled event: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Sep 24, 2018 9am - 10am (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0021.html"]], ["epubcheck fundraising", ["0017.html"]], ["Exploring possible synergies between W3C verifiable claims working group and DIN IETF", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Fwd: CSS Fonts Module Level 3 is now a W3C Recommendation", ["0026.html"]], ["Regrets: [pwg] agenda 20180917", ["0015.html"]], ["simple TOC parsing example", ["0016.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - Registration fees and hotel bookings", ["0027.html", "0024.html"]], ["Web Audio API is now a W3C Candidate Recommendation (Call for Implementations)", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0019.html"]]], [["[AudioTF] Meeting #2 - Agenda and Time", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html"]], ["[AudioTF] Minutes 2018-08-28", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-08-20", ["0012.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-08-27", ["0029.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20180820", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180827", ["0028.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["[pwg] Reminder: Call on 3 September cancelled", ["0036.html"]], ["an interesting discussion at the JSON-LD WG on ordered itesm", ["0035.html"]], ["Canceled event: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Aug 13, 2018 9am - 10am (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0003.html"]], ["Canceled event: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Aug 6, 2018 9am - 10am (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0002.html"]], ["Community Example Requests", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Evident Point Software Corp. has nominated Dmitry Markushevich to Publishing Working Group", ["0008.html"]], ["Examples for the canonical manifest", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Leaving W3C Team", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["new WP draft version pushed on the 'official' place", ["0009.html"]], ["Proof-of-concept implementation of the Web Publ. Manifest -> JavaScript per WebIDL", ["0004.html"]], ["Regrets for 8/27/2018 JeanKap", ["0025.html"]], ["WP and fixed-layout manga", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2018-07-02", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-07-23", ["0046.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-07-30", ["0078.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20180702", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180709", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180722", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20180730", ["0072.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20180730 JeanKap", ["0058.html"]], ["[pwg] minutes", ["0020.html"]], ["[PWG] NON-agenda 20180716 [NO MEETING]", ["0018.html"]], ["[pwg] UCR reorg", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Canceled event with note: W3C Publishing WG @ Mon Jul 16, 2018 9am - 10am (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0019.html"]], ["Chemistry in published materials", ["0047.html", "0034.html", "0029.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Cover-image redux", ["0070.html", "0063.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0049.html"]], ["EPUB Test Suite", ["0062.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0050.html"]], ["Late regrets JeanKap", ["0016.html"]], ["Leaving W3C Team", ["0080.html", "0079.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0071.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Reminder: TPAC 2018 registration / W3C IEs waiver", ["0045.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 registration now open", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Updated publication", ["0048.html"]], ["W3C launches Internationalization Initiative (Press Release)", ["0017.html"]], ["WAI-ARIA 1.2, Core-AAM 1.2, and ARIA Practices 1.2 First Public Working Drafts", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]]], [["[AudioTF] First Taskforce Meeting and Agenda: June 21, 10:00 EST", ["0122.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0101.html", "0079.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-06-04", ["0022.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-06-11", ["0055.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-06-25", ["0139.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes for 2018-06-18", ["0083.html"]], ["[pwg] Affordances action items reminder!", ["0058.html"]], ["[pwg] affordances update", ["0082.html", "0081.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180204", ["0007.html", "0005.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180611", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180618", ["0078.html", "0077.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20180702", ["0144.html", "0143.html", "0142.html"]], ["[pwg] Agenda for today, 20180625", ["0138.html", "0137.html", "0135.html", "0134.html", "0133.html", "0132.html"]], ["[pwg] audiobooks tf minutes", ["0126.html", "0125.html", "0124.html"]], ["[pwg] blog post about F2F", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["[pwg] yet another resource list?", ["0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html"]], ["An interesting thread on schema.org", ["0076.html"]], ["Audiobooks TF", ["0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0059.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["blog post on W3C blog about epubcheck RFP", ["0136.html"]], ["Call for Participation: W3C Workshop on Digital Publication Layout and Presentation (from Manga to Magazines), 18-19 September", ["0140.html"]], ["Conclusion from ARIA: \"Liaison heavily\"; no formal joint task force -- yet", ["0028.html"]], ["Dropbox has epub viewer", ["0102.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html"]], ["Dropbox has epub viewer)", ["0131.html", "0130.html", "0129.html", "0109.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html"]], ["Evident Point Software Corp. has nominated Juan Corona to Publishing Working Group", ["0110.html"]], ["F2F Meeting minutes", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Interesting guidelines for participants", ["0061.html"]], ["Like any good software project...", ["0128.html", "0123.html", "0121.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0113.html"]], ["Minimal WPUB for a scholarly paper (of sort)", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["moved the scholarly paper experiment to the repo", ["0023.html"]], ["Regrets for 6/18 JeanKap", ["0080.html"]], ["Sep 18-19 workshop (Tokyo) call for participation published", ["0141.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 registration now open", ["0060.html"]], ["TPAC2018 Fee increase and introduction of Invited Expert Fund", ["0033.html"]], ["W3C announces diversity scholarships for tpac", ["0127.html", "0114.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2018-04-30", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2018-05-21", ["0047.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes for 2018-05-07", ["0020.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180507 agenda", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["[PWG] 20180521 Agenda", ["0046.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["[pwg] F2F Dietary requirements", ["0021.html"]], ["[PWG] If you call in on 051418, you'll be lonely... and F2F dinner", ["0025.html"]], ["Added Use Case", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["affordances template", ["0069.html"]], ["Broken link on github", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Deque Systems, Inc. has nominated Jean Kaplansky to Publishing Working Group", ["0053.html"]], ["descriptive infoset items vs. schema.org", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["dinner at F2F", ["0022.html"]], ["F2F notes for those here in person and calling in", ["0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0054.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["Feedback on WP Spec from Kobo", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Harvard Business Publishing has nominated Caitlin Gebhard to Publishing Working Group", ["0045.html", "0019.html"]], ["Microsoft's ARIA annotations proposal", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Regrets: [pwg] 20180507 agenda", ["0013.html"]], ["Regrets: [PWG] 20180521 Agenda", ["0040.html"]], ["Scenarex Inc. has nominated Steve Breault to Publishing Working Group", ["0037.html"]], ["schema.org table updated with the discussion result of the F2F 1st day", ["0068.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 Schedule", ["0033.html"]]], [["[affordances] Task Force Follow-Up Call", ["0022.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-04-09", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-04-16", ["0020.html"]], ["[PWG] 20180409 Agenda", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180416 Agenda", ["0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180423 agenda", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["[PWG] 20180430 Agenda", ["0042.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0035.html"]], ["[pwg] Affordances TF minutes", ["0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["[pwg] minutes", ["0030.html"]], ["[pwg] The Unicorn and the Workhorse", ["0012.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions (Updated): Packaged Web Publications; Web Annotation Extensions for Web Publications", ["0000.html"]], ["Feedback on WP spec from Edge team", ["0018.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Fwd: Blog Post on EPUB 3.2", ["0021.html"]], ["Harvard Business Publishing has nominated Derek Jackson to Publishing Working Group", ["0032.html"]], ["Japan Electronic Publishing Association has nominated Makoto Murata to Publishing Working Group", ["0027.html"]], ["New Member Introduction", ["0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["results from a brief publisher survey on web publications", ["0033.html"]], ["Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 is a W3C Proposed Recommendation (Call for Review)", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0031.html"]]], [["\"propose closing\" issue label", ["0003.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Mar 14, at 14:00 UTC", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0048.html", "0044.html", "0042.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Mar 14, 2018", ["0068.html"]], ["[affordances] Call for Participation: PWG Affordances Task Force", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["[Affordances] Meeting Minutes", ["0077.html"]], ["[affordances] Scheduling: TF Kickoff Call", ["0069.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["[affordances] TF Kickoff Call: Friday, 3/16, 13:00 UTC", ["0082.html", "0074.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2018-03-05", ["0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2018-03-26", ["0091.html"]], ["[pwg] 2018-03-12 Minutes", ["0047.html", "0043.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["[PWG] 20180305 Agenda", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[PWG] 20180312 Agenda", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["[PWG] 20180326 Agenda", ["0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html"]], ["[pwg] archiving use case in packaging", ["0022.html"]], ["[PWG] Next Meetings & Agendas & Homework [READ THIS]", ["0054.html"]], ["[WAM Task force] Meeting minutes 2016-03-16", ["0085.html"]], ["[WAM] Call for participation to a Web application manifest TF", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["AW: [affordances] Call for Participation: PWG Affordances Task Force", ["0011.html"]], ["AW: [affordances] Scheduling: TF Kickoff Call", ["0070.html"]], ["blog post about ebookcraft", ["0093.html"]], ["Fwd: Proposed Charter for the JSON-LD Working Group (Call for Review)", ["0071.html"]], ["Fwd: WOFF File Format 2.0 is now a W3C Recommendation", ["0000.html"]], ["FYI: Timed Text Markup Language 2 (TTML2) is a W3C Candidate Recommendation (Call for Implementations)", ["0045.html"]], ["If you are interested in the world of digital reading,", ["0094.html"]], ["Macmillan Higher Education has nominated Franco Alvarado to Publishing Working Group", ["0010.html"]], ["Regrets: [PWG] 20180312 Agenda", ["0036.html"]], ["Some important insights for getting EPUB 3 adopted in higher education", ["0084.html", "0083.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0078.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0073.html", "0072.html"]], ["Special TAG elections", ["0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["Web Application Manifest (WAM) Task Force (TF)", ["0092.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0061.html", "0053.html", "0049.html", "0041.html"]], ["Web Application Manifest (WAM) Task Force (TF))", ["0079.html"]], ["Welcome to PWG", ["0086.html"]], ["While we are at the issue cleanups...", ["0046.html"]], ["Wide review: Accessible Name and Description Computation", ["0095.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2018-02-05", ["0030.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2018-02-05 (with proper link)", ["0031.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes 2018-02-12", ["0157.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes, 2018-02-26", ["0180.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180205 Agenda", ["0018.html", "0006.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180212 Agenda", ["0154.html", "0149.html", "0131.html", "0094.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180212 Agenda: regrets", ["0144.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180226 Agenda", ["0179.html", "0177.html", "0176.html", "0174.html", "0168.html", "0167.html", "0166.html"]], ["[pwg] affordances", ["0158.html"]], ["[pwg] language and base direction PR vote", ["0145.html", "0143.html", "0112.html", "0106.html", "0102.html", "0092.html", "0082.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0073.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0056.html"]], ["[pwg] REMINDER no meeting on monday 19 Feb", ["0164.html"]], ["[pwg] Technical summaries wiki", ["0156.html", "0155.html", "0152.html"]], ["[pwg] vote on Lifecycle PR", ["0132.html", "0107.html", "0103.html", "0098.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0075.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0063.html", "0057.html", "0055.html"]], ["[pwg] What are we trying to accomplish?", ["0146.html", "0138.html", "0135.html", "0124.html", "0122.html"]], ["[WAM] Call for participation to a Web application manifest TF", ["0172.html"]], ["AW: [pwg] 20180226 Agenda", ["0178.html"]], ["CBOR Tutorial", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Continuing discussion on Polyfills", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Continuing discussion on Polyfills)", ["0115.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0093.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0074.html", "0064.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["Continuing discussion on Polyfills))", ["0175.html", "0173.html", "0171.html", "0148.html", "0147.html", "0141.html", "0140.html", "0139.html", "0137.html", "0134.html", "0133.html", "0130.html", "0127.html", "0125.html", "0123.html", "0121.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0113.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0108.html"]], ["Entry page example with links to WAM/RWPM", ["0142.html", "0136.html", "0129.html", "0128.html", "0126.html"]], ["Feedback on FPWD from Chrome team", ["0181.html", "0170.html", "0169.html"]], ["Fwd: ODRL is a Rec!", ["0163.html"]], ["FYI: Vertical reading mode in the Vivaldi browser", ["0023.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["I present... Something...", ["0162.html", "0161.html", "0153.html", "0151.html", "0150.html"]], ["Let's get back on topic (was pursuing the wrong goal...)", ["0116.html", "0114.html"]], ["Request to learn about discipl Api", ["0159.html"]], ["W3C Women Community Group (CG)", ["0165.html"]], ["Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 is a W3C Candidate Recommendation (Call for Implementations)", ["0017.html"]], ["Web Packaging demo in Chrome at AMP Conference", ["0160.html"]], ["Wiley has nominated Michael Goodman to Publishing Working Group", ["0038.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes 2018-01-22", ["0075.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes 2018-01-29", ["0089.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes, 2018-01-08", ["0016.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180122 agenda", ["0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180129 agenda", ["0083.html", "0082.html", "0078.html", "0077.html"]], ["[pwg] 20180130 newbies meeting", ["0079.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180104", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20180108 (date correction)", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0002.html"]], ["[pwg] Minutes from newbies meeting", ["0107.html"]], ["[pwg] Newbie meeting save the date", ["0067.html"]], ["[pwg] Newbies meeting poll", ["0064.html"]], ["[pwg] Revised Poll for Newbie meeting", ["0065.html"]], ["A question on RWPM: why the 'manifest' tag?", ["0017.html"]], ["A question on RWPM: why the 'metadata' tag?", ["0063.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Announcing WebBook Level 1", ["0068.html"]], ["AW: CBOR Tutorial", ["0096.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Web Publications; Packaged Web Publications; Web Annotation Extensions for Web Publications", ["0003.html"]], ["CBOR Tutorial", ["0119.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0108.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html"]], ["FPWD has been published!", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["FYI: ODRL Information Model 2.2 and ODRL Vocabulary & Expression 2.2 are now W3C Proposed Recommendations", ["0004.html"]], ["Introducing Ben Walters and Mustapha Lazrek from Microsoft", ["0086.html"]], ["Introduction Email", ["0066.html"]], ["Microsoft Corp. has nominated Mustapha Lazrek to Publishing Working Group", ["0095.html", "0081.html", "0080.html"]], ["More PWA implementations", ["0076.html"]], ["New CG: Synchronized Multimedia for Publications", ["0014.html"]], ["The DAISY Consortium releases Ace, the Free EPUB Accessibility Checking Tool", ["0085.html", "0084.html"]], ["Welcome to PWG", ["0088.html", "0087.html", "0015.html"]], ["Welcome to PWG!", ["0062.html"]]], [["[Admin] 'Locator'-s repository name changes", ["0068.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes 2017-12-04", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes 2017-12-11", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes, 2017-12-18", ["0077.html"]], ["[pwg] 20171204 agenda", ["0006.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[PWG] 20171211 Agenda", ["0013.html", "0008.html"]], ["[pwg] 20171218 meeting", ["0070.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Ace, by DAISY: Open Source EPUB Accessibility Checker - Final Beta", ["0052.html"]], ["candidate for FPWD of Locators for Web Publications", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Comments on \"Locators for Web Publications\"", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0053.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0031.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0014.html", "0009.html"]], ["Fwd: HTML 5.2 is now a W3C Recommendation", ["0059.html"]], ["Fwd: WAI-ARIA 1.1, Core-AAM 1.1, DPub-ARIA 1.0, and DPub-AAM 1.0 are W3C Recommendations", ["0058.html"]], ["Interesting example: payment method manifest", ["0029.html"]], ["Locators, Nanotation, shepazu", ["0079.html", "0078.html"]], ["pagemedia.org meetup", ["0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html"]], ["PWP draft to be discussed on tomorrow's (Dec-11) call", ["0054.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["REMINDER - review PDTS 22424-1/2, EPUB 3 Preservation specs", ["0021.html", "0018.html"]], ["WAI-ARIA 1.1, Core-AAM 1.1, DPub-ARIA 1.0, DPub-AAM 1.0 are Recommendations; WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices is Note", ["0060.html"]]], [["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Nov 1, at 14:00 UTC", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Nov 22, at 15:00 UTC", ["0027.html", "0025.html"]], ["[a11y] Correction for European time for Accessibility TF: Nov 1, at 14:00 UTC", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Nov 1, 2017", ["0004.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Nov 22, 2017", ["0033.html"]], ["[a11y] Update for PWG+APA+Silver meeting at TPAC and message for no accessibility call on Nov 15.", ["0017.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2017-11-13", ["0015.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes 2017-11-27", ["0041.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes for 2017-11-20", ["0026.html"]], ["[Minutes] TPAC'17 F2F Minutes", ["0008.html"]], ["[pwg] 20171120 agenda", ["0024.html", "0018.html"]], ["[pwg] 20171120 agenda EOM", ["0020.html"]], ["[PWG] 20171127 Agenda", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0034.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20171113", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[pwg] best practices for effective meetings", ["0019.html"]], ["blog post about TPAC", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Custom elements", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["gzip means tar.gz?", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMH) has nominated Mike Baker to Publishing Working Group", ["0023.html"]], ["SRI and signatures", ["0046.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["We have reached issue #100...", ["0016.html"]], ["Web Publications via HTML Imports", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html"]], ["Welcome to PWG", ["0045.html", "0044.html"]]], [["\"table topics\"/\"office hours\" with Publishing@W3C / W3C Team at TPAC Nov 10 (instead of BG meeting)", ["0063.html"]], ["\"Turning the page on ereader pagination\"", ["0056.html"]], ["(Experimental) W3C document dependencies' roadmap for publishing", ["0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Nov 1, at 14:00 UTC", ["0064.html", "0061.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Oct 11, at 14:00 UTC", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Oct 11, 2017", ["0017.html"]], ["[a11y] No Accessibility task force call today", ["0027.html"]], ["[a11y] Seeking technical experts to test Ace - the EPUB 3 Accessibility Checker", ["0050.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0026.html"]], ["[epubcheck] 20171025 agenda", ["0045.html"]], ["[Locators] Do we need to specify the 'result' of selections?", ["0060.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes and summary for 2017-10-16", ["0025.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes and summary, 2017.10.23", ["0044.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes and Summary for 2017-10-02", ["0008.html"]], ["[PWG] 20171030 No Call; No Agenda (but please read all of this message anyway!)", ["0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20171002", ["0005.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20171016", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["[pwg] draft agenda 20171023", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["[WPUB] Spring WPUB WG F2F Questionnaire", ["0011.html"]], ["Associazione Italiana Editori has nominated Gregorio Pellegrino to Publishing Working Group", ["0003.html"]], ["AW: [epubcheck] 20171025 agenda", ["0046.html"]], ["chapter metadata in audiobooks", ["0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Daylight Saving Time (DST) change --second half of 2017", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Decision: Approve advancement of DPub ARIA and DPub AAM to PR", ["0043.html"]], ["dial-in for the F2F", ["0051.html"]], ["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time (DST) change --second half of 2017", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Fwd: RFC 8288 on Web Linking", ["0047.html"]], ["Link to W3C technologies", ["0022.html"]], ["Meeting with i18n at TPAC ?", ["0010.html"]], ["RFC 8288 on Web Linking", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["W3C Publishing Summit (Nov 9-10, SF) - REGISTER TODAY", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["XKCD on archival:-)", ["0062.html"]]], [["(Experimental) W3C document dependencies' roadmap for publishing", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Sept 27, at 14:00 UTC", ["0063.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Sept 6, at 14:00 UTC", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[a11y] comments on the navigation requirements", ["0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["[a11y] Heads-up for con call for CSUN preparation: Sept 22, 16 UTC", ["0058.html", "0051.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Aug 23, 2017", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Sept 27, 2017", ["0072.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Sept 6, 2017", ["0012.html"]], ["[a11y] No accessibility TF call on Sept 13, 2017", ["0029.html"]], ["[a11y] Sept 20 Accessibility TF call is cancelled, but we have work to do", ["0046.html"]], ["[Meeting Minutes] 2017-09-25", ["0061.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2017-01-09", ["0026.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes and summary for 2017-09-18", ["0043.html"]], ["[PWG] 20170911 Agenda", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0017.html"]], ["[PWG] 20170911 Agenda)", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20170918", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0032.html"]], ["[PWG] Agenda 20170925", ["0060.html", "0059.html", "0052.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["[pwg] agenda 20171002", ["0078.html", "0077.html"]], ["[pwg] no meeting on 4 September", ["0003.html"]], ["[PWG] Reflections after two months", ["0004.html"]], ["[read20-l] web traffic changes", ["0028.html"]], ["Added two references to the reading list, maybe relevant to SMIL Lite?", ["0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["Associazione Italiana Editori has nominated Gregorio Pellegrino to Publishing Working Group", ["0073.html"]], ["AW: [pwg] agenda 20170918", ["0034.html"]], ["chapter metadata in audiobooks", ["0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Document roadmaps", ["0047.html"]], ["Fwd: [read20-l] web traffic changes", ["0027.html"]], ["github issues and spec pointers", ["0008.html"]], ["Linking your github account with your w3c account", ["0021.html"]], ["New IRC bot to help us (wasL [PWG] 20170911 Agenda)", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Page Transitions", ["0062.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["Proposal to Republish CORS as Obsolete Recommendation (Call for Review)", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Publishing@W3C representation on the AB", ["0033.html", "0030.html"]], ["User Agent Properties", ["0031.html"]], ["Welcome to PWG", ["0039.html"]], ["Wiley has nominated Joshua Pyle to Publishing Working Group", ["0035.html"]]], [["\"ISO CD 8.2, Information and documentation - Presentation of Periodicals\" has opened for ballot", ["0098.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Aug 2, at 14:00 UTC", ["0001.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Aug 23, at 14:00 UTC", ["0176.html", "0175.html", "0173.html"]], ["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: Aug 9, at 14:00 UTC", ["0086.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Aug 2, 2017", ["0029.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Aug 23, 2017", ["0197.html", "0196.html", "0178.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Aug 23: with correct link to minutes", ["0179.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, held on Aug 9, 2017", ["0092.html"]], ["[a11y] No accessibility TF call on August 30, 2017", ["0189.html", "0188.html"]], ["[a11y] No accessibility TF con call on August 16", ["0133.html"]], ["[a11y] WCAG 2.1 metadata proposal on agenda of August 17 con call", ["0136.html"]], ["[admin] merging matt's version?", ["0174.html", "0171.html", "0170.html", "0169.html", "0168.html", "0167.html", "0166.html"]], ["[admin] Where to file issues?", ["0195.html", "0194.html"]], ["[Meeting Minutes] 2017-08-18", ["0187.html"]], ["[Meeting Minutes] 2017-08-21", ["0172.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes and summary of meeting 2017-07-31", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes and summary of meeting 2017-08-07", ["0085.html"]], ["[Minutes] Minutes and Summary of meeting 2017-08-14", ["0129.html", "0127.html", "0124.html"]], ["[pwg] 20170807 agenda", ["0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0048.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["[pwg] 20170814 agenda", ["0116.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0097.html"]], ["[pwg] 20170821 Agenda", ["0161.html", "0158.html", "0155.html", "0150.html", "0145.html", "0135.html"]], ["[pwg] 20170828 agenda", ["0186.html", "0184.html", "0182.html", "0181.html"]], ["[pwg] archiving task force", ["0146.html"]], ["[pwg] Are you watching github?", ["0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["[pwg] general design principles", ["0093.html"]], ["[pwg] GitHub labels, projects, and documentations", ["0090.html"]], ["[pwg] remember those use cases?", ["0183.html"]], ["[Tooling] a new feature installed on our HTML/respec oriented repositories", ["0164.html", "0163.html", "0162.html", "0157.html", "0156.html", "0154.html", "0153.html", "0152.html", "0151.html"]], ["[WICG/webpackage] Add a distinct Web Publications use case. (#83)", ["0191.html"]], ["All you need is URL", ["0144.html", "0132.html", "0131.html", "0130.html", "0128.html", "0126.html", "0125.html", "0122.html", "0121.html", "0120.html"]], ["AW: Identifying a book on the Web today", ["0049.html"]], ["conformance and organization", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Example collection", ["0185.html"]], ["extending Web app manifest?", ["0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html"]], ["For your interest: Persistence Statements: Describing Digital Stickiness", ["0149.html", "0143.html", "0134.html"]], ["Formation of new ARIA Personalization Task Force", ["0177.html"]], ["github quoting", ["0165.html"]], ["Identifying a book on the Web today", ["0091.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0047.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["Identifying a book on the Web today)", ["0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0064.html"]], ["Introduction from the Getty", ["0015.html"]], ["Metadata proposal, links or include", ["0160.html", "0159.html"]], ["notes and assumptions", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["On Spreadsheets, Birthday Cards, and the Nature of Publications", ["0123.html", "0119.html", "0109.html", "0106.html"]], ["presentable using OWP technologies?", ["0018.html", "0014.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["program announced for W3C Publishing Summit (Nov 9-10 SF, during TPAC week)", ["0148.html", "0147.html"]], ["Proposal to Republish CORS as Obsolete Recommendation (Call for Review)", ["0198.html", "0193.html", "0192.html", "0190.html"]], ["Proposal: Using HTML's nav element as manifest", ["0142.html", "0141.html", "0140.html", "0139.html", "0138.html", "0137.html"]], ["Publication - proposal for a high level diagram", ["0180.html"]], ["Reading list wiki page", ["0016.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Updated the list of groups of interest wiki page", ["0002.html"]], ["Web Publications via HTML Imports", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Web Xxx Manifest Generator", ["0073.html", "0072.html", "0067.html"]], ["What do Web Publication User Agents Do? How Do We Test Them?", ["0118.html", "0112.html", "0110.html", "0107.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html"]], ["What do Web Publication User Agents Do? How Do We Test Them?)", ["0117.html", "0115.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0111.html", "0108.html"]], ["Why a default reading order?", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["wiki page with examples of publications", ["0034.html"]]], [["[a11y] Agenda for Accessibility TF: July 20, at 16:00 UTC", ["0035.html"]], ["[a11y] Doodle poll for better time for PWG Accessibility Task Force", ["0047.html", "0038.html"]], ["[a11y] Doodle poll for PWG Accessibility Task Force", ["0012.html"]], ["[a11y] Minutes for Accessibility TF call, on July 20, 2017", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["[a11y] New time for Accessibility TF calls, and topic to discuss", ["0108.html"]], ["[a11y] Results for Doodle poll for PWG Accessibility Task Force", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["[Admin] Welcome to new members to the WG", ["0276.html"]], ["[personalization] Call for Participation - Web Publications Personalization Task Force", ["0123.html", "0081.html", "0058.html", "0040.html"]], ["[personalization] Changing the name of hero", ["0292.html", "0288.html", "0285.html", "0284.html", "0282.html", "0281.html", "0280.html", "0279.html", "0278.html"]], ["[personalization] Task Force - first call minutes", ["0253.html", "0251.html", "0248.html", "0244.html", "0241.html", "0240.html", "0238.html", "0237.html", "0234.html", "0230.html", "0229.html", "0228.html", "0227.html", "0224.html", "0219.html", "0154.html"]], ["[pwg] 2017-07-17 minutes", ["0034.html"]], ["[pwg] 2017-07=10 minutes", ["0011.html"]], ["[PWG] 20170710 Agenda", ["0004.html"]], ["[pwg] 20170717 Agenda", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["[PWG] 20170724 Agenda", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["[pwg] 20170731 agenda", ["0254.html", "0232.html"]], ["[pwg] discussion of nav type attribute on WICG", ["0052.html", "0046.html"]], ["[pwg] git hub clean up", ["0031.html"]], ["[pwg] Meta comment about complexity", ["0293.html", "0265.html"]], ["[pwg] Minutes 2017-07-24", ["0080.html"]], ["[pwg] regrets - 20170731 agenda", ["0235.html"]], ["[pwg] Remixing content - in scope for WP", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["[pwg] Web App Manifest scope", ["0032.html"]], ["[pwg] Why does PWG exist?", ["0260.html"]], ["a word about github", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["addressable identifier?", ["0270.html", "0269.html", "0267.html", "0263.html", "0239.html", "0222.html", "0218.html", "0210.html", "0209.html", "0201.html", "0191.html", "0190.html", "0188.html", "0187.html", "0186.html", "0185.html", "0184.html", "0183.html", "0182.html", "0180.html", "0174.html", "0173.html"]], ["AW: a word about github", ["0025.html"]], ["AW: Can a publication change over time?", ["0179.html"]], ["Call for participation for PWG Accessibility Task Force", ["0009.html"]], ["Can a publication change over time?", ["0275.html", "0264.html", "0262.html", "0258.html", "0257.html", "0256.html", "0208.html", "0207.html", "0205.html", "0204.html", "0202.html", "0199.html", "0196.html", "0189.html", "0181.html", "0178.html", "0177.html", "0175.html", "0171.html", "0170.html", "0168.html", "0152.html", "0149.html", "0143.html", "0142.html", "0140.html", "0139.html", "0132.html", "0130.html", "0129.html", "0128.html", "0121.html", "0110.html", "0105.html", "0103.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0092.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0084.html"]], ["Can a publication change over time?)", ["0147.html", "0146.html", "0145.html"]], ["definition of Web Publication", ["0261.html", "0259.html", "0255.html", "0252.html", "0250.html", "0249.html", "0247.html", "0246.html", "0245.html", "0243.html", "0242.html", "0236.html", "0233.html", "0223.html", "0221.html", "0217.html", "0213.html", "0206.html", "0203.html", "0200.html", "0198.html", "0197.html", "0195.html", "0194.html", "0193.html", "0192.html", "0172.html", "0169.html", "0167.html", "0159.html", "0153.html", "0150.html", "0148.html", "0141.html", "0136.html", "0135.html", "0134.html", "0133.html", "0131.html", "0127.html", "0125.html", "0124.html", "0122.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0109.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0104.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0098.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["definition tweaks", ["0297.html", "0296.html"]], ["Document repositories have been set up", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["document skeleton", ["0033.html"]], ["HTML extensions - proposed note", ["0026.html"]], ["Identifying a book on the Web today", ["0298.html"]], ["Internationalization task force", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Invitation: W3C Publishing WG @ Weekly from 9am to 10am on Monday (PDT) (public-publ-wg@w3.org)", ["0005.html"]], ["Moving issues from publ-wg to wpub", ["0003.html"]], ["New i18n resource for text layout work", ["0049.html"]], ["On \"Can a publication change over time?\"", ["0295.html", "0294.html", "0291.html", "0290.html", "0289.html"]], ["Readium as reference implementation in W3C", ["0010.html"]], ["resource naming", ["0274.html", "0273.html", "0165.html", "0164.html", "0163.html", "0161.html", "0160.html", "0158.html", "0157.html", "0156.html", "0155.html", "0151.html", "0144.html", "0138.html", "0137.html"]], ["TAG finding on Distributed and syndicated content", ["0231.html", "0176.html", "0166.html", "0162.html"]], ["W3C PWG Personalization TF", ["0126.html"]], ["Web Publications via HTML Imports", ["0302.html", "0301.html", "0300.html", "0299.html", "0287.html", "0286.html", "0283.html", "0277.html", "0272.html", "0271.html", "0268.html", "0266.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0048.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["what formats count as primary resources?", ["0226.html", "0225.html", "0220.html", "0216.html", "0215.html", "0214.html", "0212.html", "0211.html"]]], [["\"W3C Announces its First Publishing Summit and New Publishing Standards Work\"", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[Admin] your github handle and preferred IRC nickname", ["0034.html"]], ["[Draft Minutes] 2017-06-26", ["0047.html"]], ["[f2f] IRC channel for today", ["0005.html"]], ["[Meeting Summary] 2017-06-26", ["0048.html"]], ["[PWG] 20170626 Agenda (inaugural edition!)", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0020.html"]], ["Bidir text and Unicode", ["0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["blog post about the F2F", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html"]], ["Document repositories have been set up", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0058.html"]], ["Meeting minutes of the 2nd F2F Day, 2017-06-23", ["0022.html"]], ["Minutes of the first F2F meeting, 2016-06-22", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["naming contest for WP", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0042.html", "0035.html", "0031.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["PROPOSAL: scope of Web Publications spec should be minimized", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0046.html", "0043.html"]], ["Publishing Working Group Charter Approved; Call for Participation", ["0000.html"]], ["RE : naming contest for WP", ["0033.html"]]]]