[[["[sdw] Formalise release of SDWWG W3C notes as OGC discussion papers (#1174))", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0016.html"]], ["Online meeting planning", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Virtual meeting announcement: 28 May 2020", ["0015.html"]]], [["[sdw] Formalise release of SDWWG W3C notes as OGC discussion papers (#1174)", ["0052.html", "0050.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["[sdw] Formalise release of SDWWG W3C notes as OGC discussion papers (#1174))", ["0049.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0030.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0039.html", "0003.html"]], ["[sdw] Publish time-aggregates as W3C Public Working Draft (#1173)", ["0054.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Another Call for Consensus - Time Aggregates", ["0051.html", "0048.html", "0041.html"]], ["Joint W3C - OGC online workshop on standardizing maps for the Web, September 21st - October 2nd", ["0053.html"]], ["Online workshop: W3C - OGC Maps for the Web Platform September / October 2020", ["0007.html"]], ["Review: New charter", ["0027.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0006.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group Charter Extended until 30 September 2020", ["0014.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]]], [["**Call for consensus**: publication of update of Time Ontology in OWL", ["0015.html", "0012.html"]], ["[sdw] Extension of OWL-Time with additional temporal relations (Draft W3C note) (#1139)", ["0000.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: wrap definition list items in dl tags", ["0020.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by chris-little", ["0021.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[sdw] Publish time-aggregates as W3C Public Working Draft (#1173)", ["0025.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Move /time-aggregates/ from 'proposals' to main path", ["0008.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Move /time-entity-relations/ from 'proposals' to main path", ["0007.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: wrap definition list items in dl tags", ["0018.html"]], ["[sdw] Replace published OWL-Time with version that includes IANA section (#1165)", ["0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["[sdw] Support OGC profiling of W3C specifications (#1167)", ["0009.html"]], ["[sdw] wrap definition list items in dl tags (#1172)", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Promote OWL-Time extensions from 'proposals' to the main branch", ["0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Review: New charter", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0014.html"]], ["W3C Automotive and Transportation remote meetings next week", ["0016.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0003.html"]]], [["**Call for consensus**: publication of update of Time Ontology in OWL", ["0048.html", "0035.html"]], ["[sdw] \"IANA considerations\" for OWL-Time interval relations (#1131)", ["0021.html"]], ["[sdw] Closed Pull Request: Updated to correct teleconference info", ["0039.html"]], ["[sdw] Monthly teleconference (#1168)", ["0037.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0005.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tguild", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Updated to correct teleconference info", ["0031.html"]], ["[sdw] Replace published OWL-Time with version that includes IANA section (#1165)", ["0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0019.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[sdw] ssn-ext IRI resolution (#1169)", ["0051.html", "0049.html", "0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["[sdw] Support OGC profiling of W3C specifications (#1167)", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0038.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["[sdw] Updated to correct teleconference info (#1166)", ["0040.html", "0036.html"]], ["[sdw] W3C LBD reach out - 2D and 3D CAD geometry for building projects (#1143)", ["0008.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] \"IANA considerations\" for OWL-Time interval relations (#1131)", ["0022.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] OGC Coordinate Reference System Standards Working Group comments on OWL-Time (#1114)", ["0020.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] ssn-ext IRI resolution (#1169)", ["0050.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] W3C LBD reach out - 2D and 3D CAD geometry for building projects (#1143)", ["0009.html"]], ["Comments sought on The Profiles Vocabulary, W3C WG Note", ["0000.html"]], ["Review: New charter", ["0052.html", "0028.html"]], ["Transportation Ontology Coordination Committee", ["0023.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0014.html"]]], [["[GeoSemWeb] Fwd: OGC Future Directions sessions in 2020", ["0014.html"]], ["[sdw] `time:Instant` equal to another `time:Instant` (#1126)", ["0021.html"]], ["[sdw] Allow hasResult on ObservationCollection (#1164)", ["0055.html"]], ["[sdw] Breakout discussion: Video search with location (#1130)", ["0013.html"]], ["[sdw] Extension of OWL-Time for temporal aggregates (#1140)", ["0040.html"]], ["[sdw] Extension of OWL-Time with additional temporal relations (Draft W3C note) (#1139)", ["0022.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Fix capitalization in a couple of labels - monat-->Monat, Rok-->rok", ["0048.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Proposed extension to OWL-Time - Time aggregates", ["0026.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Proposed extension to OWL-Time: Time entity relations", ["0028.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update index.html", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] Minor editorial typos in TTL definition of OWL-Time ontology (#1161)", ["0047.html", "0045.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by chris-little", ["0050.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0053.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0006.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0005.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tguild", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0002.html"]], ["[sdw] Proposed extension to OWL-Time - Time aggregates (#1159)", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["[sdw] Proposed extension to OWL-Time: Time entity relations (#1160)", ["0039.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Fix capitalization in a couple of labels - monat-->Monat, Rok-->rok", ["0046.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Proposed extension to OWL-Time - Time aggregates", ["0024.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Proposed extension to OWL-Time: Time entity relations", ["0025.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update index.html", ["0003.html"]], ["[sdw] Relax cardinality of hasUltimateFeatureOfInterest on ObservationCollection (#1163)", ["0054.html"]], ["[sdw] W3C LBD reach out - 2D and 3D CAD geometry for building projects (#1143)", ["0051.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Minor editorial typos in TTL definition of OWL-Time ontology (#1161)", ["0049.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Move accepted 'proposals' to new place in GitHub repository (#1156)", ["0056.html"]], ["Comments sought on The Profiles Vocabulary, W3C WG Note", ["0000.html"]], ["MapML proposal explainer", ["0001.html"]], ["Proposal: Safely Sharing Geotagged Video On The Web - Help Wanted", ["0052.html"]], ["Recap Toulouse face to face", ["0032.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0017.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["SDWIG f2f meeting planning 2020", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Search engine optimisation for data publishers: Best practice guide", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0007.html"]]], [["[sdw] DUL reference in new editor's draft of SSN-Extensions (#1151)", ["0030.html", "0021.html"]], ["[sdw] Extension of OWL-Time with additional temporal relations (Draft W3C note) (#1139)", ["0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Move SSN artefacts to their own directory", ["0068.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Purely editorial changes", ["0001.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Responses to feedback", ["0056.html"]], ["[sdw] Move accepted 'proposals' to new place in GitHub repository (#1156)", ["0065.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0069.html", "0060.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["[sdw] New project proposal: OWL Space (#1095)", ["0014.html"]], ["[sdw] New project proposal: Routing ontology (#1150)", ["0017.html", "0013.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Move SSN artefacts to their own directory", ["0066.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Purely editorial changes", ["0000.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Responses to feedback", ["0052.html"]], ["[sdw] Purely editorial changes (#1149)", ["0003.html"]], ["[sdw] Responses to feedback (#1155)", ["0051.html"]], ["[sdw] ssn:ext proposal comment: Note in section 3.1 (#1152)", ["0031.html"]], ["[sdw] ssn:ext proposal comment: Note on 4.2.4 (#1153)", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0032.html"]], ["[sdw] ssn:ext proposal comment: note on section 5.1 (#1154)", ["0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0039.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["[sdw] ssn:extension proposal comment: Note in section 3.1 (#1152)", ["0022.html"]], ["[sdw] ssn:extension proposal comment: Note on 4.2.4 (#1153)", ["0025.html"]], ["[sdw] ssn:extension proposal comment: note on section 5.1 (#1154)", ["0026.html"]], ["[sdw] Worked examples using hasUltimateFeatureOfInterest (#1027)", ["0053.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] DUL reference in new editor's draft of SSN-Extensions (#1151)", ["0061.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Group review of roadmap (#1065)", ["0012.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] ssn:ext proposal comment: Note in section 3.1 (#1152)", ["0057.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] ssn:ext proposal comment: Note on 4.2.4 (#1153)", ["0059.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] ssn:ext proposal comment: note on section 5.1 (#1154)", ["0058.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Worked examples using hasUltimateFeatureOfInterest (#1027)", ["0054.html"]], ["New editor's draft of SSN-Extensions available", ["0027.html", "0024.html", "0018.html", "0011.html"]], ["New post about the design of MapML and the maps for HTML proposal", ["0020.html"]], ["Recap Toulouse face to face", ["0070.html", "0067.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0023.html", "0019.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0008.html"]], ["Welcome to SDWIG", ["0055.html", "0050.html"]]], [["[RELEASE] Semantic Web for Earth and Environmental Terminology (SWEET) Ontology Suite v3.4.0", ["0037.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: [SSN] Add erratum for bad IP68 Smart Sensor link", ["0023.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Add geology sample-chain example", ["0039.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Create 2019-11-19_WebVMTProgress.pdf", ["0034.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: SSN Extensions - re-org document, unit tests", ["0025.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0040.html", "0038.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0033.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Add geology sample-chain example", ["0031.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Create 2019-11-19_WebVMTProgress.pdf", ["0032.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: SSN Extensions - re-org document, unit tests", ["0017.html"]], ["[sdw] Question about derived results (#1144)", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["[sdw] Should the best practices mention ethical use of geo, and if so how? (#1146)", ["0030.html"]], ["[sdw] Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices Example 2 has wrong coordinate axes (#1118)", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["[sdw] W3C LBD reach out - 2D and 3D CAD geometry for building projects (#1143)", ["0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0001.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Proposal for data sync design, including sensors & GeoJSON (#1141)", ["0010.html"]], ["[TC-Announce] Linda van den Brink receives OGC\u2019s 2019 Gardels Award", ["0036.html"]], ["Face to face meeting november 19 in Toulouse", ["0009.html"]], ["New editor's draft of SSN-Extensions available", ["0029.html"]], ["Ordnance Survey work", ["0006.html"]], ["WebVMT Slides - 19 Nov 2019", ["0035.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0020.html"]]], [["(Belated) Welcome", ["0009.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0006.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tguild", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["[sdw] W3C LBD reach out - 2D and 3D CAD geometry for building projects (#1143)", ["0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0002.html"]], ["SDW-IG face to face meeting in Toulouse, 19 November", ["0011.html", "0004.html"]], ["SDW-IG face to face meeting in Toulouse; Tue 19th November", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Toulouse meeting announcement & call for agenda topics", ["0015.html", "0005.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0000.html"]]], [["[sdw] Breakout discussion: Video search with location (#1130)", ["0013.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: OWL-Time - add IANA considerations section", ["0002.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update WebVMT Editor's Draft", ["0011.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0000.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0003.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0012.html"]], ["[sdw] New project proposal: OWL Space (#1095)", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update WebVMT Editor's Draft", ["0010.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Proposal for data sync design, including sensors & GeoJSON (#1141)", ["0004.html"]], ["invitation to participate in developing Statistical Data on the Web Best Practices", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group Charter Extended until 31 March 2020", ["0009.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0001.html"]]], [["[sdw] Extension of OWL-Time with additional temporal relations (Draft W3C note) (#1139)", ["0010.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0002.html"]], ["[sdw] OWL-Time - add IANA considerations section (#1138)", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Ordnance Survey work", ["0009.html"]], ["Shall we meet at OGC TC meeting in Toulouse, w/c 18-Nov", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0008.html"]], ["Yes/no meeting at TPAC - UPDATE: Meeting canceled!", ["0000.html"]]], [["!! 2 DAYS TO GO !! ESIP GeoSemantics Symposium - Know-before-you-go", ["0029.html"]], ["[DDPIG] Data/metadata granularity TF call", ["0071.html"]], ["[EXTERNAL] Yes/no meeting at TPAC", ["0017.html"]], ["[RELEASE] SWEET Ontology Suite v3.3.0", ["0052.html"]], ["[sdw] `time:Instant` equal to another `time:Instant` (#1126)", ["0032.html"]], ["[sdw] Breakout discussion: Video search with location (#1130)", ["0066.html", "0040.html", "0027.html", "0013.html"]], ["[sdw] Can OWL time describe time frequency? (#1133)", ["0001.html"]], ["[sdw] Draft W3C note with additional temporal relations (#1139)", ["0059.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0033.html"]], ["[sdw] Extension for temporal aggregates (#1140)", ["0060.html", "0058.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Updated WebVMT Editor's Draft references", ["0020.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0019.html"]], ["[sdw] OWL-Time - add IANA considerations section (#1138)", ["0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0031.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: OWL-Time - add IANA considerations section", ["0030.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Updated WebVMT Editor's Draft references", ["0018.html"]], ["[sdw] Spatial Data on the Web - Best Practice 2 - Value and approach for indexing individual Spatial Things (#1085)", ["0064.html", "0063.html", "0061.html"]], ["[sdw] Video Metadata Question: Use cases & requirements for interpolation schemes (#1136)", ["0065.html", "0021.html"]], ["[sdw] Video Metadata Question: Use cases & requirements for recording camera attributes (#1137)", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["CoverageJSON is compatible with OpenAPI JSON schema :-)", ["0069.html"]], ["DCAT version 2: review request", ["0000.html"]], ["Hyrax 1.16 (an OpenDAP server) now implements spatial data on the Web best practices", ["0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Rechartering the SDW-IG after December 2019", ["0072.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0044.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0028.html"]], ["SDW BP 2, issue #1085", ["0062.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0014.html"]], ["Welcome to SDWIG", ["0012.html"]], ["XKCD comic for 2019-07-02: Coordinate Precision", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0002.html"]], ["Yes/no meeting at TPAC", ["0036.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["2nd call for participation: IAOA Summer Institute on Places and Things", ["0066.html"]], ["[sdw] \"IANA considerations\" for OWL-Time interval relations (#1131)", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html"]], ["[sdw] `time:Instant` equal to another `time:Instant` (#1126)", ["0067.html", "0064.html", "0058.html", "0044.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0034.html"]], ["[sdw] Breakout discussion: Video search with location (#1130)", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["[sdw] Can OWL time describe time frequency? (#1133)", ["0059.html", "0055.html", "0042.html"]], ["[sdw] Create initial playbook for Best Practices (#1050)", ["0054.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Create BP-implementation-report-00004.md", ["0052.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: fix typo on my last name", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update f2f-4.html", ["0035.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update WebVMT examples & add video search diagrams", ["0025.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0065.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0036.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0007.html", "0000.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by MichaelGordon", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0053.html", "0051.html", "0003.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0026.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0046.html"]], ["[sdw] New project proposal: OWL Space (#1095)", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Create BP-implementation-report-00004.md", ["0049.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: fix typo on my last name", ["0002.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update f2f-4.html", ["0031.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update WebVMT examples & add video search diagrams", ["0024.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: inclide reference to MISB standards (#1120)", ["0040.html", "0038.html", "0023.html"]], ["Belated welcome", ["0027.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] `time:Instant` equal to another `time:Instant` (#1126)", ["0045.html"]], ["F2F meeting in Leuven June 24 - 25", ["0050.html", "0013.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0001.html"]], ["Maps for HTML \u2014 follow up to the F2F presentation", ["0061.html", "0060.html"]], ["New W3C staff contact for the Spatial Data on the Web IG", ["0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0020.html"]]], [["[sdw] `time:Instant` equal to another `time:Instant` (#1126)", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["[sdw] Alignment of QB4ST with DCAT-2 (#1123)", ["0020.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[sdw] Articulate how sensorML Sensor models and parameters relate to SSN (#1125)", ["0026.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update scorecard layout", ["0017.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0018.html"]], ["[sdw] New project proposal: OWL Space (#1095)", ["0027.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update scorecard layout", ["0016.html"]], ["[sdw] Sample modeling in sosa/ssn (#1122)", ["0034.html", "0031.html"]], ["[sdw] Update scorecard layout (#1127)", ["0019.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Alignment of QB4ST with DCAT-2 (#1123)", ["0002.html"]], ["F2F meeting in Leuven June 24 - 25", ["0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0012.html"]], ["Workshop on making spatial data discoverable through mainstream search engines - Call for abstracts", ["0006.html"]]], [["[sdw] Alignment of QB4ST with DCAT-2 (#1123)", ["0041.html"]], ["[sdw] CRS negotiation in MapML (#1058)", ["0048.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update non-webby-ogc-standards.md", ["0032.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0031.html", "0005.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0037.html"]], ["[sdw] OGC Coordinate Reference System Standards Working Group comments on OWL-Time (#1114)", ["0013.html", "0009.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update non-webby-ogc-standards.md", ["0030.html"]], ["[sdw] Redundancy in AnyNumber union class definition (#1124)", ["0042.html"]], ["[sdw] Sample modeling in sosa/ssn (#1122)", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0040.html"]], ["[sdw] Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices Example 2 has wrong coordinate axes (#1118)", ["0001.html"]], ["[sdw] SSN example: Can't find QuantityValue in qudt-1.1 vocabulary (#1119)", ["0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: inclide reference to MISB standards (#1120)", ["0038.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["April focus week - is anyone there?", ["0015.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] CRS negotiation in MapML (#1058)", ["0047.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] SSN example: Can't find QuantityValue in qudt-1.1 vocabulary (#1119)", ["0011.html"]], ["ESIP Summer 2019 GeoSemantics Symposium", ["0033.html"]], ["Request for slot on Leuven meeting agenda to discuss/explore Augmented Reality", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Revisiting HTML map use cases & requirements - Feedback needed!", ["0039.html"]], ["SWD-IG Face-to-face meeting during OGC TC (Leuven, BE) meeting", ["0036.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0014.html", "0004.html"]], ["Work on spatial web roadmap", ["0006.html"]]], [["[sdw] Closed Pull Request: OWL-Time - Editorial changes in response to #1114", ["0006.html"]], ["[sdw] Create implementation template for Best Practices (#1051)", ["0009.html"]], ["[sdw] Get feedback on spatial data BP from OGC members at next TC (#991)", ["0021.html", "0019.html", "0010.html"]], ["[sdw] ISSUE-1103 Update References to SWEET in eo-qb document (#1104)", ["0051.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: ISSUE-1103 Update References to SWEET in eo-qb document", ["0054.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: OWL-Time - Editorial changes in response to #1114", ["0033.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0055.html", "0034.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by MichaelGordon", ["0039.html"]], ["[sdw] New project proposal: OWL Space (#1095)", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0012.html"]], ["[sdw] OWL-Time - Editorial changes in response to #1114 (#1115)", ["0005.html"]], ["[sdw] OWL-Time - Editorial changes in response to #1114 (#1116)", ["0027.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: OWL-Time - Editorial changes in response to #1114", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] qudt-1.1 vocabulary can't find QuantityValue (#1119)", ["0041.html"]], ["[sdw] Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices Example 2 has wrong coordinate axes (#1118)", ["0061.html", "0058.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0040.html", "0038.html"]], ["[sdw] SSN example: Can't find QuantityValue in qudt-1.1 vocabulary (#1119)", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["[sdw] Update References to SWEET in eo-qb document (#1103)", ["0056.html", "0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Investigate optional endTime in HTML5 TextTrackCue interface (#1106)", ["0015.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Make WebVMT.org Compliant With Latest Editors Draft (#1117)", ["0016.html"]], ["April focus week", ["0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Create implementation template for Best Practices (#1051)", ["0008.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Get feedback on spatial data BP from OGC members at next TC (#991)", ["0020.html"]], ["First CFP for Int. Workshop on Sensors and Actuators on the Web 2019: deadline 28 June 2019, at ISWC 2019", ["0001.html"]], ["Focus week: March 2019", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["March 2019 focus week retrospective", ["0026.html"]], ["photo of group?", ["0050.html", "0049.html"]], ["Request for slot on Leuven meeting agenda to discuss/explore Augmented Reality", ["0046.html"]], ["Review of OGC OpenAPI Guidelines", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Round up of activity and status for SDW-IG", ["0025.html", "0017.html", "0011.html", "0007.html"]], ["Welcome", ["0063.html", "0057.html"]], ["Welcome to SDWIG", ["0018.html"]]], [["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0020.html"]], ["[sdw] OGC Coordinate Reference System Standards Working Group comments on OWL-Time (#1114)", ["0021.html", "0011.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: OWL-Time - Editorial changes in response to #1114", ["0022.html"]], ["[sdw] Updates to SDW Interest Group home page (#990)", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Investigate better out-of-band link handling (#1107)", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Updates to SDW Interest Group home page (#990)", ["0019.html"]], ["Feb focus week", ["0013.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Review of the OGC Architecture Board's API guidelines", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Temporal interval relations now in IANA link relations registry", ["0010.html"]], ["Time Ontology in OWL (OWL-Time)", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[Minutes] SDWIG call - 2019-01-16", ["0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["[sdw] EO QB inconsistent use of `qb4st:TemporalProperty` (#1108)", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["[sdw] EO QB spatio-temporal coverage (#1110)", ["0006.html"]], ["[sdw] Link error in IP68 Smart Sensor example (#1111)", ["0015.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: BP implementation report update", ["0021.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Updated WebVMT Editor's Draft", ["0012.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0037.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0047.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by MichaelGordon", ["0020.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0013.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0048.html", "0010.html"]], ["[sdw] New Project proposal: Dicing or partitioning Ontology for RDF Data Cubes (#1068)", ["0001.html"]], ["[sdw] OGC Coordinate Reference System Standards Working Group comments on OWL-Time (#1114)", ["0022.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: [SSN] Add erratum for bad IP68 Smart Sensor link", ["0016.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: BP implementation report update", ["0019.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Updated WebVMT Editor's Draft", ["0003.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Investigate better out-of-band link handling (#1107)", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0028.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0014.html", "0009.html"]], ["CSIRO Australia has nominated Nicholas Car to Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group", ["0033.html", "0026.html"]], ["OGC's participation in Workshop on Web Standardization for Graph Data", ["0008.html"]], ["Proportional overlap", ["0007.html"]], ["Review of the OGC Architecture Board's API guidelines", ["0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["SDW IG teleconference: Wed 16 Jan 2019, 09-10.00 UTC", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0036.html"]], ["SDWIG activities", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0023.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0011.html"]], ["W3C Profiles Ontology First Public Working Draft - feedback sought", ["0049.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update WebVMT Editor's Draft - Review 5/12/18", ["0025.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0026.html"]], ["[sdw] New project proposal: OWL Space (#1095)", ["0021.html", "0019.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0005.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: ISSUE-1103 Update References to SWEET in eo-qb document", ["0001.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update WebVMT Editor's Draft - Review 5/12/18", ["0024.html"]], ["[sdw] Update References to SWEET in eo-qb document (#1103)", ["0000.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT use cases for non geospatial data (#1096)", ["0027.html", "0018.html", "0007.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Identify Ideas For OGC Test Bed Involvement (#1063)", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Investigate better out-of-band link handling (#1107)", ["0041.html", "0036.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Investigate optional endTime in HTML5 TextTrackCue interface (#1106)", ["0033.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review co-ordinate encoding definition (#1101)", ["0031.html", "0016.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review design relationship with WebVTT (#1097)", ["0009.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review duplication of WebVTT documentation overlap (#1098)", ["0034.html", "0011.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review Editor's Draft - Data Model & Syntax (#1094)", ["0040.html", "0008.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review map block interface exposure (#1100)", ["0029.html", "0015.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review media block concept against WebVTT (#1099)", ["0037.html", "0028.html", "0014.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review metadata extension mechanism (#1102)", ["0017.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Review co-ordinate encoding definition (#1101)", ["0032.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Review duplication of WebVTT documentation overlap (#1098)", ["0035.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Review Editor's Draft - Data Model & Syntax (#1094)", ["0039.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Review map block interface exposure (#1100)", ["0030.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Review media block concept against WebVTT (#1099)", ["0038.html"]], ["Joost van Ulden has joined the Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group", ["0043.html"]], ["Suggested Update Reference to SWEET in http://w3c.github.io/sdw/eo-qb/", ["0042.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0002.html"]], ["Temporal interval relations now in IANA link relations registry", ["0020.html", "0006.html", "0003.html"]]], [["[Minutes] SDW IG F2F - TPAC - 22-23 October 2018", ["0009.html"]], ["[PC] OGC seeks public comment on adoption of two jointly developed OGC/W3C standards", ["0086.html"]], ["[sdw] Add SSN hasProperty to SOSA namespace", ["0030.html", "0004.html"]], ["[sdw] Area of spatial objects", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["[sdw] Discuss list of non webby OGC standards with OGC Architecture Board (#1079)", ["0088.html", "0087.html"]], ["[sdw] Discussion item: disjoint theoretical model / encodings cityGML", ["0038.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update meetings/f2f-3-recap.md", ["0036.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0084.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0037.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0011.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0010.html", "0003.html"]], ["[sdw] New project proposal: OWL Space", ["0045.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update meetings/f2f-3-recap.md", ["0028.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT use cases for non geospatial data", ["0061.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT use cases for non geospatial data (#1096)", ["0090.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Draft Syntax Reference", ["0041.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review co-ordinate encoding definition", ["0072.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review co-ordinate encoding definition (#1101)", ["0081.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review design relationship with WebVTT", ["0075.html", "0068.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review duplication of WebVTT documentation overlap", ["0077.html", "0069.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review Editor's Draft - Data Model & Syntax", ["0074.html", "0060.html", "0029.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review map block interface exposure", ["0071.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review map block interface exposure (#1100)", ["0080.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review media block concept against WebVTT", ["0070.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review media block concept against WebVTT (#1099)", ["0089.html", "0083.html", "0079.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review metadata extension mechanism", ["0073.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Review metadata extension mechanism (#1102)", ["0082.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Revised Zoom Syntax", ["0040.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Suggested Topics For TPAC Breakout Session", ["0031.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: use JSON instead of XML for cue content?", ["0044.html"]], ["A universal model for spatial data", ["0057.html", "0053.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0019.html", "0001.html"]], ["Area of spatial objects", ["0085.html", "0076.html", "0067.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0046.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0002.html"]], ["AW: W3C WoT and OGC SensorThings API", ["0018.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Area of spatial objects", ["0014.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Draft Syntax Reference", ["0042.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Revised Zoom Syntax", ["0039.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Suggested Topics For TPAC Breakout Session", ["0032.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: use JSON instead of XML for cue content?", ["0043.html"]], ["Extensions to the Semantic Sensor Network Ontology published as First Public Working Draft", ["0078.html"]], ["Fwd: Suggested Update Reference to SWEET in http://w3c.github.io/sdw/eo-qb/", ["0094.html"]], ["OGC December - SDWIG meeting?", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0000.html"]], ["Ontology for geometric data?", ["0047.html"]], ["Recap of face to face meeting", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Review of WebVMT Editor's Draft: Wed 5 Dec 2-3pm GMT", ["0092.html"]], ["Tom Kralidis has joined the Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group", ["0093.html", "0091.html"]], ["W3C Data Exchange Working Group: Invitation to review draft revision of DCAT", ["0005.html"]], ["W3C WoT and OGC SensorThings API", ["0017.html"]]], [["[sdw] Create a list of OGC standards that are \"not yet Web-friendly enough\" plus rationale for each", ["0003.html"]], ["[sdw] Create article about Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices based on implementation report", ["0092.html", "0088.html"]], ["[sdw] Discuss list of non webby OGC standards with OGC Architecture Board", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] Discussion item: disjoint theoretical model / encodings cityGML", ["0044.html"]], ["[sdw] Environment Agency Implementation Report", ["0089.html"]], ["[sdw] Evaluate DCAT changes in terms of impacts to best practices", ["0083.html", "0082.html"]], ["[sdw] Group review of roadmap", ["0005.html"]], ["[sdw] Inverse property for ssn:hasSubSystem", ["0055.html", "0053.html"]], ["[sdw] Irc logs from #mapml channel during breakout", ["0102.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html"]], ["[sdw] Long loading time for the SSN TR document", ["0080.html", "0078.html"]], ["[sdw] MapML TPAC handout", ["0046.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Added WebVMT Breakout Details", ["0099.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Updated URI for example record to meet what was deployed", ["0023.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: WebVMT: Updated Editor's Draft", ["0020.html"]], ["[sdw] Move hasProperty from SSN to SOSA namespace", ["0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0052.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0114.html", "0113.html", "0069.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0045.html", "0038.html", "0031.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by cportele", ["0081.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0104.html", "0071.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0061.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0010.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by jabhay", ["0022.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0117.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by MichaelGordon", ["0086.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0098.html", "0019.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0070.html", "0041.html", "0030.html"]], ["[sdw] Proposal: SSN-Extensions ontology", ["0050.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Added WebVMT Breakout Details", ["0097.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Updated URI for example record to meet what was deployed", ["0021.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: WebVMT: Updated Editor's Draft", ["0018.html"]], ["[sdw] Representation of a generic time of day in the W3C Time Ontology", ["0056.html"]], ["[sdw] SDWBP - OS Implementation Report", ["0087.html"]], ["[sdw] Spatial Data on the Web - Best Practice 14 - Approach for describing positional accuracy", ["0085.html"]], ["[sdw] Spatial Data on the Web - Best Practice 2 - Value and approach for indexing individual Spatial Things", ["0084.html"]], ["[sdw] Time ontology uses XML Schema Datatypes that are not allowed in OWL 2", ["0057.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Suggested Topics For TPAC Breakout Session", ["0006.html"]], ["A universal model for spatial data", ["0110.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0090.html"]], ["Agenda for face to face @ TPAC Lyon", ["0016.html"]], ["Agenda update for Day 1 of SDW meeting at TPAC 2018", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Area of spatial objects", ["0115.html", "0111.html", "0105.html", "0100.html", "0091.html", "0077.html", "0067.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Create a list of OGC standards that are \"not yet Web-friendly enough\" plus rationale for each", ["0002.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Inverse property for ssn:hasSubSystem", ["0054.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Irc logs from #mapml channel during breakout", ["0101.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] MapML handout for TPAC demo", ["0103.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] MapML TPAC handout", ["0068.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Representation of a generic time of day in the W3C Time Ontology", ["0059.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Time ontology uses XML Schema Datatypes that are not allowed in OWL 2", ["0058.html"]], ["Focus week & next f2f", ["0000.html"]], ["Fwd: W3C Data Exchange Working Group: Invitation to review draft revision of DCAT", ["0076.html"]], ["iot.schema.org Community Teleconference", ["0029.html"]], ["OGC Web API Guidelines", ["0079.html"]], ["Ontology for geometric data?", ["0112.html", "0109.html", "0106.html"]], ["SDW Stats BP - ONS - \"Using innovative methods to report against the Sustainable Development Goals\"", ["0051.html"]], ["SDWIG/Tech Trends telecons, Oct 2nd/3rd", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0001.html"]], ["Sharing our experience...", ["0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Spatial Data on the Web Working Group closed: The WG is dead, long live the IG!", ["0011.html"]], ["Support For Proposed WebVMT Community Group", ["0047.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - List of restaurants", ["0026.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - Registration closes on 14 October", ["0012.html"]], ["TPAC Plenary Breakout: Video Metadata Cues With Geolocation", ["0116.html"]], ["Updated agenda for F2F meeting 3 at TPAC 2018", ["0042.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0009.html"]], ["WebVMT Update: TPAC Presentation", ["0043.html"]]], [["[sdw] Coverage JSON Definitions", ["0012.html"]], ["[sdw] Create a list of OGC standards that are \"not yet Web-friendly enough\" plus rationale for each", ["0006.html"]], ["[sdw] Group review of roadmap", ["0003.html"]], ["[sdw] Long loading time for the SSN TR document", ["0024.html", "0021.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by chris-little", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0005.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Suggested Topics For TPAC Breakout Session", ["0037.html", "0026.html", "0020.html", "0013.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: use JSON instead of XML for cue content?", ["0025.html", "0019.html"]], ["Agenda for TPAC f2f", ["0036.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Representation At OGC Disasters CDS?", ["0038.html"]], ["List of non-web-friendly OGC standards to OAB", ["0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["List of non-webby OGC standards ready", ["0007.html"]], ["MapML focus week progress update", ["0004.html"]], ["Recap of OGC TC meeting", ["0018.html"]], ["Reminder: Next week focus week September", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Retrospective September focus week", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["SDWIG / Tech Trends coordination", ["0029.html"]], ["SDWIG/Tech Trends telecons, Oct 2nd/3rd", ["0028.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 - Registration fees and hotel bookings", ["0027.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0011.html"]]], [["[sdw] Categorize roadmap features", ["0015.html"]], ["[sdw] Closed Pull Request: Fixed errors in skos:definition and rdfs:comment as of Tim's email", ["0053.html", "0051.html"]], ["[sdw] Create a list of OGC standards that are \"not yet Web-friendly enough\" plus rationale for each", ["0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["[sdw] CRS negotiation in MapML", ["0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[sdw] Describe roadmap features", ["0012.html"]], ["[sdw] Discussion item: disjoint theoretical model / encodings cityGML", ["0069.html", "0068.html", "0056.html", "0045.html"]], ["[sdw] Group review of roadmap", ["0100.html", "0028.html", "0020.html", "0017.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Added Police Evidence Use Case To WebVMT Spec", ["0059.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Added TIMELINE To WebVMT Spec", ["0076.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: fixed rdfs:comment / skos:definition according to Tim's proposal", ["0082.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: include \"how to test\" sections in the implementation report", ["0063.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by BillSwirrl", ["0007.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by cportele", ["0064.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0081.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0095.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0018.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0075.html", "0058.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0049.html"]], ["[sdw] New Project proposal: 360 Day Calendar", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["[sdw] New Project proposal: Dicing or partitioning Ontology for RDF Data Cubes", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Added Police Evidence Use Case To WebVMT Spec", ["0057.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Added TIMELINE To WebVMT Spec", ["0074.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Fixed errors in skos:definition and rdfs:comment as of Tim's email", ["0052.html", "0050.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: fixed rdfs:comment / skos:definition according to Tim's proposal", ["0054.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: include \"how to test\" sections in the implementation report", ["0062.html"]], ["[sdw] Replace hand-drawn icons with colourful ones", ["0024.html"]], ["[sdw] Representation At OGC Disasters CDS?", ["0073.html", "0071.html"]], ["[sdw] Setup roadmap framework", ["0023.html"]], ["[sdw] SOSA and SSN skos:definition and rdfs:comment do not match in 3 cases", ["0083.html", "0055.html", "0005.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Draft Syntax Reference", ["0072.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Identify Ideas For OGC Test Bed Involvement", ["0008.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Missing video file reference", ["0079.html", "0077.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Suggested Topics For TPAC Breakout Session", ["0009.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Categorize roadmap features", ["0014.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Describe roadmap features", ["0013.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] List & group features", ["0016.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Setup roadmap framework", ["0022.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] SOSA and SSN skos:definition and rdfs:comment do not match in 3 cases", ["0084.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Missing video file reference", ["0078.html"]], ["OGC Tech-Trends teleconf (14-August): regrets", ["0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0085.html"]], ["Organising breakout sessions for TPAC", ["0067.html", "0060.html"]], ["Reminder: Next week focus week September", ["0101.html"]], ["Retrospective review: August focus days", ["0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0086.html", "0080.html", "0070.html", "0061.html"]], ["SDW IG focus days in August", ["0026.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Telcon on Tech Trends coordination (SDWIG ACTION-391)", ["0099.html"]]], [["[sdw] Coverage JSON Definitions", ["0053.html"]], ["[sdw] Create a list of OGC standards that are \"not yet Web-friendly enough\" plus rationale for each", ["0030.html"]], ["[sdw] CRS negotiation in MapML", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0060.html", "0037.html"]], ["[sdw] intervalDuring can really compare the values of two date time stamps", ["0065.html", "0055.html", "0045.html", "0025.html", "0013.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Add best practice implementation 3", ["0052.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Jabhay bp exemplars", ["0064.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update MapML roadmap categorizations with examples", ["0074.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update WebVMT Explanatory Spec", ["0059.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Updated intro, BP 1 & 2", ["0061.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: WebVMT Roadmap Update", ["0047.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0036.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0073.html", "0046.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by MichaelGordon", ["0063.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0058.html"]], ["[sdw] Present the Maps for HTML / MapML concept to browser developers for discussion and co-development / eventual co-standardization", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0026.html", "0008.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Add best practice implementation 3", ["0014.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Jabhay bp exemplars", ["0062.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update MapML roadmap categorizations with examples", ["0007.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update WebVMT Explanatory Spec", ["0057.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Updated intro, BP 1 & 2", ["0056.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: WebVMT Roadmap Update", ["0005.html"]], ["[sdw] StatsBP: prepare notes on each DWBP in context of stats", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] Update MapML roadmap categorizations with examples", ["0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Focus days August", ["0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html"]], ["Focus week: Maps for HTML / MapML", ["0043.html", "0038.html", "0028.html", "0003.html"]], ["Introductions about GPX version 2", ["0035.html", "0032.html", "0024.html"]], ["IOT2018 - Call for Posters, Demos and Late-Breaking Results", ["0010.html"]], ["Poll for a telcon on Tech Trends coordination (SDWIG ACTION-391)", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Progress with \u201cDescribing moving objects\u201d task", ["0034.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0023.html"]], ["Reminder: TPAC 2018 registration", ["0054.html"]], ["Retrospective of July Focus Days for SDW IG", ["0033.html"]], ["SDW IG and OGC tech trends telecon", ["0042.html"]], ["Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices - Update and focus areas", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0015.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Telcon on Tech Trends coordination (SDWIG ACTION-391)", ["0041.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 registration now open", ["0044.html", "0016.html"]], ["W3C SDWIG - Ontology for RDF Data Cube dicing", ["0027.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0006.html"]], ["WebVMT Status Update", ["0000.html"]], ["welcome to SDWIG", ["0011.html"]]], [["[Minutes] SDW IG F2F meeting - 2018-06-05 / 2018-06-06", ["0032.html"]], ["[sdw] Add Datastream example to ObservationCollection proposal", ["0033.html", "0015.html"]], ["[sdw] Add negotiation by profile", ["0022.html", "0017.html"]], ["[sdw] Create implementation template for Best Practices", ["0054.html"]], ["[sdw] Create initial playbook for Best Practices", ["0053.html"]], ["[sdw] List & group features", ["0051.html", "0050.html", "0039.html", "0001.html"]], ["[sdw] May I have access to the MapML project so that I can add tasks and descriptions and links etc.", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Added References section for creating easy to find links", ["0019.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update BP-exemplars.md", ["0052.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: WebVMT Spec Update", ["0006.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0026.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0043.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0011.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0010.html", "0005.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0007.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0034.html", "0031.html", "0012.html"]], ["[sdw] Present the Maps for HTML / MapML concept to browser developers for discussion and co-development / eventual co-standardization", ["0030.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Added References section for creating easy to find links", ["0013.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Update BP-exemplars.md", ["0038.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: WebVMT Spec Update", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] Representation At OGC Disasters CDS?", ["0041.html"]], ["[sdw] State of the Art assertion is incomplete", ["0009.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Missing video file reference", ["0045.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Revised Zoom Syntax", ["0044.html"]], ["[sdw] Worked examples using hasUltimateFeatureOfInterest", ["0000.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] May I have access to the MapML project so that I can add tasks and descriptions and links etc.", ["0025.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] State of the Art assertion is incomplete", ["0008.html"]], ["FAO Krzysztof Janowicz: Moving Objects And WebVMT?", ["0042.html"]], ["Focus days next week", ["0056.html"]], ["Heads-up: work in progress on a W3C Immersive Web Working Group Charter", ["0046.html"]], ["Next F2F meeting at W3C TPAC - 22-23 October 2018", ["0035.html"]], ["Poll for a telcon on Tech Trends coordination (SDWIG ACTION-391)", ["0055.html"]], ["SSN Workshop at ISWC 2018: deadline extended 8th June 2018", ["0002.html"]], ["TPAC 2018 registration now open", ["0040.html"]], ["WebVMT Presentation: OGC18, Fort Collins", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["welcome to SDWIG", ["0057.html"]], ["Welcome to the SDW-IG", ["0003.html"]]], [["[sdw] Best practice 7 - titles, numbering and IDs for examples", ["0044.html"]], ["[sdw] Categorize roadmap features", ["0003.html"]], ["[sdw] Closed Pull Request: Updated WebVMT explanatory spec", ["0027.html"]], ["[sdw] Coverage JSON Definitions", ["0012.html", "0006.html"]], ["[sdw] Describe roadmap features", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] Homogeneity of an ObservationCollection", ["0018.html", "0007.html"]], ["[sdw] License / Attribution?", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0026.html"]], ["[sdw] List & group features", ["0067.html", "0064.html", "0062.html", "0005.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Lvdb roadmap", ["0060.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: SDW BP in Practice doc", ["0052.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Updated WebVMT explanatory spec", ["0028.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by chris-little", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0023.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0061.html", "0051.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0029.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["[sdw] Published Fig. 1 does not mention hasTemporalDuration", ["0010.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Lvdb roadmap", ["0059.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: SDW BP in Practice doc", ["0045.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Updated WebVMT explanatory spec", ["0020.html"]], ["[sdw] Setup roadmap framework", ["0058.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Change name of div-id / tile-url attributes", ["0032.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["[sdw] WebVMT: Missing video file reference", ["0021.html"]], ["[sdw] What would implementing WebVMT mean for user agents?", ["0031.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Ad hoc joint session with GeoSemantics DWG at OGC meeting", ["0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] List & group features", ["0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Published Fig. 1 does not mention hasTemporalDuration", ["0011.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] WebVMT: Change name of div-id / tile-url attributes", ["0033.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] What would implementing WebVMT mean for user agents?", ["0030.html"]], ["Draft agenda for F2F-2 (5-6 June, Fort Collins, USA)", ["0050.html"]], ["Figure in github.io stretched by gh-pages or w3c stylesheet/jscript ?", ["0035.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["First stab at roadmap", ["0063.html"]], ["IOT Conference 2018 Santa Barbara: Last Call for Workshops and Tutorials", ["0019.html"]], ["IOT Conference 2018 Santa Barbara: Second Call for Workshops and Tutorials", ["0009.html"]], ["Third CfP SSN Workshop at ISWC 2018: deadline 1 June 2018", ["0008.html"]], ["Upcoming F2F in Fort Collins, Colorado, USA - 5-6 June 2018", ["0054.html", "0053.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0022.html"]], ["Welcome to the Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group", ["0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Spatial Data on the Web IG Plenary call - 2018-03-14", ["0020.html", "0011.html"]], ["[sdw] [Time] Add entry in errata for Figure 1", ["0036.html"]], ["[sdw] Alignment of ObservationCollection to Datastream", ["0067.html", "0055.html", "0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["[sdw] Coverage JSON Definitions", ["0079.html"]], ["[sdw] Homogeneity of an ObservationCollection", ["0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html"]], ["[sdw] How does MapML advance the state of Web mapping", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["[sdw] How should I represent an observation with multiple values.", ["0000.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: [Time] Add entry in errata for Figure 1", ["0045.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Add a Gitter chat badge to README.md", ["0040.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0041.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0050.html", "0046.html", "0010.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0064.html", "0063.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["[sdw] Proposal: SSN-Extensions ontology", ["0057.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0047.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Add a Gitter chat badge to README.md", ["0038.html"]], ["[sdw] Representation of a generic time of day in the W3C Time Ontology", ["0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["[sdw] State of the Art assertion is incomplete", ["0043.html"]], ["[sdw] Time ontology uses XML Schema Datatypes that are not allowed in OWL 2", ["0031.html", "0029.html"]], ["[sdw] What would implementing WebVMT mean for user agents?", ["0076.html", "0044.html", "0042.html", "0025.html"]], ["[sdw] Worked examples using hasUltimateFeatureOfInterest", ["0072.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0062.html", "0054.html"]], ["CfP - 8th International Conference on the Internet of Things (IoT 2018)", ["0008.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] How should I represent an observation with multiple values.", ["0019.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Proposal: SSN-Extensions ontology", ["0056.html"]], ["Examples of SOSA/SSN for Oceanographic sensor data", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Gitter chat integration added to the w3c/sdw GitHub repository", ["0039.html"]], ["IoT 2018: Call for Tutorial proposals - May 15th", ["0017.html"]], ["IoT 2018: Call for Workshop proposals - May 15th", ["0016.html"]], ["Proposed working practices for SDW-IG - no more regular teleconferences", ["0071.html", "0048.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Proposed working practices for SDW-IG - no more regular teleconferences)", ["0034.html"]], ["SDW BP subgroup agenda 11 April 20:00 UTC", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Second CFP for SSN 2018: deadline 1 June 2018, at ISWC 2018", ["0015.html"]], ["Time for SDW IG plenary calls", ["0018.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Spatial Data on the Web IG Plenary call - 2018-03-14", ["0076.html"]], ["[sdw] added rdf documents, and implemented fixes for errata 998 and 999", ["0040.html", "0001.html"]], ["[sdw] Apartment 134 example incorrectly includes a sosa:actuationMadeBy property", ["0095.html"]], ["[sdw] Closed Pull Request: WebVMT Explanatory Spec Draft", ["0004.html"]], ["[sdw] How should I represent an observation with multiple values.", ["0138.html", "0133.html", "0132.html"]], ["[sdw] Implemented fix for errata #1017", ["0084.html"]], ["[sdw] Inverse property for ssn:hasSubSystem", ["0134.html", "0130.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: [SSN] Fix Apartment 134 example for real as noted in #996", ["0090.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: [SSN] Fix typo in Examples 10 and 11 and add erratum", ["0092.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: added rdf documents, and implemented fixes for errata 998 and 999", ["0041.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Added WebVTT refs & corrected typos", ["0033.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Implemented fix for errata #1017", ["0085.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: ssn extensions", ["0051.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: WebVMT Explanatory Spec Draft", ["0009.html"]], ["[sdw] Move hasProperty from SSN to SOSA namespace", ["0135.html", "0031.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0011.html", "0007.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by arminhaller", ["0089.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by BillSwirrl", ["0071.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by chris-little", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0020.html", "0017.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0113.html", "0112.html", "0083.html", "0067.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by rjksmith", ["0129.html", "0034.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0091.html", "0086.html", "0078.html", "0062.html", "0053.html", "0050.html", "0042.html", "0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["[sdw] online version of ssn-dul at does not correspond to the latest one described in the spec", ["0048.html"]], ["[sdw] Proposal: direct link from Observation to ultimate feature of interest", ["0005.html"]], ["[sdw] Proposal: direct link from Observation/Sampling to ultimate feature of interest", ["0111.html", "0052.html", "0036.html", "0030.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0006.html"]], ["[sdw] Proposal: SSN-Extensions ontology", ["0121.html", "0119.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0114.html", "0109.html"]], ["[sdw] Published Fig. 1 does not mention hasTemporalDuration", ["0063.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: [SSN] Fix Apartment 124 example for real as noted in #996", ["0058.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: [SSN] Fix typo in Examples 10 and 11 and add erratum", ["0066.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: [Time] Add entry in errata for Figure 1", ["0065.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Added WebVTT refs & corrected typos", ["0032.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: ssn extensions", ["0035.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: WebVMT Explanatory Spec Draft", ["0000.html"]], ["[sdw] sosa:Result unsatisfiable in the new ssnx", ["0044.html"]], ["[sdw] SSN errata in ssnx: problem with disjunction between ssn:Property and sosa:FeatureOfInterest", ["0045.html"]], ["[sdw] ssn extensions", ["0049.html"]], ["[sdw] SSN recommendation has incorrect \"qudt-1-1:numericalValue\" in Tree height example", ["0068.html"]], ["[sdw] State of the Art assertion is incomplete", ["0107.html", "0106.html", "0100.html"]], ["[sdw] Typo in Example 10: sosa:hasSimplResult true ;", ["0094.html", "0064.html"]], ["[sdw] Typos in B.5 Seismograph", ["0054.html"]], ["[sdw] Use of non-existent sosa:hasProperty in Example B.10 DHT22 Deployment", ["0056.html"]], ["[sdw] What would implementing WebVMT mean for user agents?", ["0108.html", "0098.html", "0097.html"]], ["Call today", ["0073.html"]], ["cdt:ucum has its implementation and playground", ["0099.html"]], ["CityJSON updates", ["0037.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Apartment 134 example incorrectly includes a sosa:actuationMadeBy property", ["0096.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] online version of ssn-dul at does not correspond to the latest one described in the spec", ["0047.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Proposal: direct link from Observation/Sampling to ultimate feature of interest", ["0110.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] sosa:Result unsatisfiable in the new ssnx", ["0043.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] SSN errata in ssnx: problem with disjunction between ssn:Property and sosa:FeatureOfInterest", ["0046.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] SSN recommendation has incorrect \"qudt-1-1:numericalValue\" in Tree height example", ["0087.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Typo in Example 10: sosa:hasSimplResult true ;", ["0093.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Typos in B.5 Seismograph", ["0055.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Use of non-existent sosa:hasProperty in Example B.10 DHT22 Deployment", ["0057.html"]], ["Fwd: Examples of SOSA/SSN for Oceanographic sensor data", ["0120.html"]], ["Next plenary call: 20:00 utc, 14-March-2018", ["0075.html", "0074.html", "0072.html", "0069.html", "0022.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0008.html"]], ["next stats subgroup call - Wednesday 28 March, 20:00 UTC", ["0131.html", "0128.html", "0127.html", "0126.html", "0125.html"]], ["Plenary: WebVMT Status Update", ["0088.html", "0077.html"]], ["Report from OGC meeting", ["0124.html", "0123.html", "0122.html"]], ["SDWIG Funnel items", ["0023.html", "0021.html"]], ["Stats BP subgroup agenda 28 March 20:00 UTC", ["0070.html"]], ["Time for SDW IG plenary calls", ["0137.html", "0136.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html"]], ["Topics discussed during F2F in W3C Strategy funnel", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["WebVMT Editor's Draft Published on GitHub", ["0016.html"]], ["WebVMT Presentation At OGC TC - Tuesday Morning", ["0101.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Plenary call - 2018-02-08", ["0033.html"]], ["[minutes] Spatial Data on the Web IG F2F - Day 1/2", ["0089.html"]], ["[minutes] Spatial Data on the Web IG F2F - Day 2/2", ["0109.html"]], ["[sdw] added rdf documents, and implemented fixes for errata 998 and 999", ["0103.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: [SSN] Fix reported wrong links and typos", ["0094.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Added WFS 3.0 Hackathon", ["0072.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Corrected SOSA actuation figure", ["0019.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Remove explicit declaration of xsd:dateTimeStamp.", ["0069.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update and reorganise BP maintenence work items", ["0035.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: Update of OWL-Time ontology, extended with rdfs:label, rdfs:comment a\u2026", ["0096.html"]], ["[sdw] Merged Pull Request: updates to agenda for F2F (Feb 2018, Amersfoort)", ["0077.html"]], ["[sdw] Move hasProperty from SSN to SOSA namespace", ["0062.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0050.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by 6a6d74", ["0079.html", "0078.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by arminhaller", ["0095.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by BillSwirrl", ["0116.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0088.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by chris-little", ["0086.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by dr-shorthair", ["0097.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by kjano", ["0020.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by lvdbrink", ["0083.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0031.html", "0005.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by MichaelGordon", ["0073.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0112.html", "0110.html", "0081.html", "0074.html", "0068.html", "0009.html", "0002.html"]], ["[sdw] online version of ssn-dul at does not correspond to the latest one described in the spec", ["0102.html"]], ["[sdw] Proposal: direct link from Observation to ultimate feature of interest", ["0051.html", "0049.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0034.html", "0025.html", "0022.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Added WFS 3.0 Hackathon", ["0070.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Corrected SOSA actuation figure", ["0017.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Remove explicit declaration of xsd:dateTimeStamp.", ["0056.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: Updated with latest roadmap items", ["0032.html"]], ["[sdw] Pull Request: updates to agenda for F2F (Feb 2018, Amersfoort)", ["0076.html"]], ["[sdw] Range of actsOnProperty and isActedOnBy still incorrect in SOSA figure", ["0018.html"]], ["[sdw] Remove explicit declaration of xsd:dateTimeStamp.", ["0065.html", "0063.html"]], ["[sdw] Representation of a generic time of day in the W3C Time Ontology", ["0075.html", "0066.html"]], ["[sdw] sosa:Result unsatisfiable in the new ssnx", ["0100.html"]], ["[sdw] SSN errata in ssnx: problem with disjunction between ssn:Property and sosa:FeatureOfInterest", ["0101.html"]], ["[sdw] Time ontology uses XML Schema Datatypes that are not allowed in OWL 2", ["0067.html"]], ["[sdw] Update of OWL-Time ontology, extended with rdfs:label, rdfs:comment a\u2026", ["0105.html", "0014.html"]], ["agenda for 20 Feb session on stats on the web BP", ["0114.html", "0093.html"]], ["Agenda for SDWIG plenary February 7", ["0029.html", "0026.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0003.html"]], ["Agenda for SSN session at Amersfoort F2F at 8am CET", ["0090.html"]], ["Amersfoort meeting", ["0113.html"]], ["CFP for SSN 2018: deadline 1 June 2018, at ISWC 2018", ["0117.html"]], ["CityJSON presentation during the Spatial Data on the Web IG F2F", ["0115.html"]], ["Closed: [sdw] Range of actsOnProperty and isActedOnBy still incorrect in SOSA figure", ["0021.html"]], ["Errata in non-normative SSNX and Dolce-Ultralite alignment modules: PR#1000", ["0104.html"]], ["F2F Presentation: Video Geotagging For Electronic Maps", ["0107.html", "0106.html"]], ["FAO Chris Little: Points Raised In Plenary Meeting", ["0087.html", "0082.html", "0055.html"]], ["IG calls: Same WebEx call info for everyone from now on", ["0010.html", "0000.html"]], ["Introducing CityJSON", ["0064.html", "0027.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Next plenary call on 7 February 2018 - 2000 UTC", ["0001.html"]], ["Plenary Presentation: Video Geotagging For Electronic Maps", ["0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices - WFS 3.0 Hackathon", ["0071.html"]], ["Updated agenda for Amersfoort F2F", ["0111.html", "0108.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0080.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices subgroup call - 2018-01-17", ["0056.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html"]], ["[Minutes] Spatial Data on the Web BP Maintenance Group - 2017-11-29", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] Spatial Data on the Web IG Call - 2018-01-03", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] Stats on the Web BP subgroup call - 2018-01-10", ["0027.html"]], ["[Minutes] Stats on the Web call - 2018-01-24", ["0068.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by BillSwirrl", ["0064.html", "0059.html", "0054.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by chris-little", ["0063.html", "0062.html"]], ["[sdw] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0070.html"]], ["[StatsBP] Compliance with DWBP", ["0048.html"]], ["CFP Reasoning on Data (RoD) Workshop at The Web Conference 2018", ["0013.html"]], ["CORRECTED WEBEX DETAILS - stats on the web BP call", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Dial in details: Stats on the Web BP agenda, 10 Jan, 20:00 UTC", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["F2F meetings 2018", ["0022.html"]], ["GitHub activity now reported to the mailing-list", ["0055.html"]], ["Last CFP fro RoD workshop", ["0041.html"]], ["MapML encoding of video features", ["0045.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0031.html"]], ["New errata for the Semantic Sensor Network Ontology Recommendation", ["0036.html"]], ["Next call of Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices group", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Next plenary call on 7 February 2018 - 2000 UTC", ["0079.html", "0078.html", "0072.html", "0069.html"]], ["SDW IG F2F in Amersfoort, 19-20 February 2018: registration and logistics", ["0039.html"]], ["Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group: EO-QB work stream", ["0008.html", "0001.html"]], ["SSN errata in ssnx: problem with disjunction between ssn:Property and sosa:FeatureOfInterest", ["0038.html"]], ["Stats on the Web BP agenda, 10 Jan, 20:00 UTC", ["0011.html"]], ["Stats on the Web BP call agenda 24 January, 20:00 UTC", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0053.html"]], ["Stats on the web: calendar invites?", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["Taxonomies for Earth Observation", ["0080.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0071.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["Use of OWL-Time classes in EO-QB", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Video Geotagging Protocol For Electronic Maps: Concept", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0040.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0005.html"]]], [["Call for paper Reasoning on data at WWW 2018", ["0013.html"]], ["F2F meetings 2018", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["FYI: eponymous Working Group extended for maintenance", ["0012.html"]], ["Markdown support in ReSpec", ["0001.html"]], ["Next call of Spatial Data on the Web Best Practices group", ["0015.html"]], ["next call of Statistical Data on the Web Best Practices group", ["0006.html"]], ["Planned in-place modifications of the Semantic Sensor Network Ontology Recommendation next week", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0000.html"]], ["Plenary call agenda for January 3rd 2018", ["0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["stats BP - OGC TC Geosemantics session, 5 Dec 19:55 UTC.", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["TPAC update and accessibility of spatial data", ["0008.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Spatial Data on the Web BP Maintenance Group - 2017-11-29", ["0035.html"]], ["[Minutes] Spatial Data on the Web IG call - 2017-11-29", ["0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["[Minutes] Stats on the Web BP - 2017-11-22", ["0028.html"]], ["[TC-Discuss] Symbology Standardization", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["getting started on the Stats on the Web Best Practices", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Invitation to participate in TPAC session on Web data standardisation", ["0001.html"]], ["Maps for HTML Community Group presentation", ["0034.html"]], ["Plenary SDW IG call this week", ["0031.html"]], ["Spatial Data on the Web Best Practice maintenance", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Spatial Data on the Web Best Practice Subgroup call this week", ["0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Statistical Data on the Web Best Practices call, today (Wednesday 22 Nov) 20:00 UTC", ["0027.html"]], ["W3C Questionnaire on on Practices and Tooling for Web Data Standardization", ["0000.html"]], ["W3C SDWIG Stats BP: 'Parameter' use case", ["0029.html"]], ["W3C SDWIG Stats BP: 'Temporal' use case", ["0030.html"]]], [["[Minutes] SDW IG Inaugural Call - 2017-10-25", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["First group call", ["0001.html"]], ["Fwd: Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group (SDWIG) Charter Approved; Join SDWIG (Call for Participation)", ["0000.html"]], ["Inaugural teleconference of Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group, 19:00UTC, Wed 25 October 2017", ["0005.html"]], ["OGC standards for 3d geometries?", ["0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]]]