[[["I'd like to add you to my professional network on LinkedIn", ["0000.html"]]], [["Content Rating and ICRA", ["0000.html"]]], [["[CFP] The Semantic Smart City Workshop (SemCity-13)", ["0000.html"]]], [["Fwd: Call for Review: EARL 1.0 Last Call Working Draft", ["0000.html"]]], [["2nd Last Call Working Draft Transition announcement of the Ontology for Media Resource 1.0", ["0000.html"]]], [["isDefinedBy and isDescribedBy, Tale of two missing predicates)", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["PER for POWDER", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["wdrs:describedby = @rel describedby. Erratum published", ["0006.html"]], ["wdrs:describedby edits", ["0005.html"]]], [["[Reminder]: Last Call Working Drafts transition announcement of the API and Ontology for Media Resource 1.0", ["0002.html"]], ["POWDER, RDFa, and the Open Graph Protocol", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Comments on LCWDs ref. POWDER", ["0001.html"]], ["Last Call Working Drafts transition announcement of the API and Ontology for Media Resource 1.0", ["0000.html"]]], [["Errors in POWDER Document", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Warning Notice!!!", ["0000.html"]]], [["Final Acts", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Fwd: News Release: A Sprinkle of POWDER Fosters Trust on the Web]", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["W3C mobileOK checker implementation of POWDER", ["0000.html"]]], [["ICRA example", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["POWDER advanced to Proposed Recommendation", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["\u041e\u0444\u0444\u04480\u0440! \u041c\u0438\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u0446\u0435\u043d\u044b \u043d\u0430 \u043e\u0444\u0444\u0448\u043e\u0440! \u0411\u0435\u0437\u043d\u0430\u043b0\u0433o\u0432\u044b\u0435 \u0438 \u043a\u043b\u0430\u0441\u0441\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0435 \u044e\u0440\u0438\u0441\u0434\u0438\u043a\u0446\u0438\u0438!", ["0003.html"]], ["\u041f\u0440\u0435\u0434\u043b\u0430\u0433\u0430\u0435\u043c \u0412\u0430\u0448\u0435\u043c\u0443 \u0432\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044e k\u0430\u0447\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0435\u043d\u043d\u0443\u044e \u0440\u0430\u0441\u0441\u044b\u043b\u043a\u0443 \u0412\u0430\u0448\u0438\u0445 \u043a{o}\u043c\u043c\u0435\u0440\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0445 \u043f\u0440\u0435\u0434\u043b\u043e\u0436\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0439 \u043f\u043e \u0423\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0438\u043d\u0435!", ["0002.html"]]], [["[comment] Formal Semantics, Section 4.3", ["0010.html", "0004.html"]], ["Disposition of Comments following Third LC Period", ["0011.html"]], ["Formal Semantics update", ["0009.html", "0005.html"]], ["more struggles with POWDER test materials", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["more struggles with POWDER test matierals", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[comment] Formal Semantics, Section 4.3", ["0016.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Canonicalization implementation", ["0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Canonicalization implementation)", ["0013.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["comment: powder grouping handling of IRIs...", ["0004.html"]], ["Disposition of Comments following Third LC Period", ["0015.html"]], ["POWDER 3rd Last Call open", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["POWDER comment", ["0009.html", "0000.html"]], ["XML Core comment on POWDER", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]]], [["Comment resolution: Updated Grouping and Formal docs", ["0005.html"]], ["Request for two new media types submitted)", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["@rel type 'describedby'])", ["0008.html", "0004.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Fwd: [IANA #221766] Request to add describedby to Atom Link Registry [rt.amsl.com #13054]]", ["0015.html"]], ["ATOM Link Relation for \"describedby\" [IANA #221766]", ["0014.html"]], ["Disposition of Last Call Comments", ["0006.html"]], ["Logical locus of POWDER extension, WAS: Request for two new media types submitted", ["0009.html"]], ["New W3C role and its effect POWDER (none!)", ["0013.html"]], ["POWDER comments: multiple/alternate displaytext strings? (eg. different languages/scripts)", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Request for two new media types submitted)", ["0016.html"]], ["Request to add describedby to Atom Link Registry", ["0007.html"]], ["Use Cases covered?", ["0010.html"]]], [["@rel type 'describedby'", ["0032.html"]], ["[Fwd: About include/excludeiripattern]", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Fwd: About include/excludeiripattern])", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Comment from Jo Rabin", ["0039.html", "0037.html"]], ["comment: powder grouping handling of IRIs...", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["ERT WG comment on POWDER documents", ["0036.html"]], ["LC-Comment on POWDER-Semantics", ["0040.html", "0038.html", "0035.html"]], ["Looking for a place to live", ["0006.html"]], ["Media Type Registration request for POWDER and POWDER-S", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["POWDER comments: multiple/alternate displaytext strings? (eg. different languages/scripts)", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0020.html"]], ["Request for two new media types submitted", ["0022.html"]], ["status of GRDDL for POWDER - no joy testing in Redland/Raptor", ["0026.html", "0023.html", "0021.html"]], ["Update: powder2powderBase.xsl", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Updated POWDER->POWDER-Base XSLT", ["0012.html"]]], [["[Fwd: [IANA #208572] AutoReply: Request for MIME media type Text/Standards Tree -]", ["0001.html"]], ["[Fwd: [IANA #208576] AutoReply: Request for MIME media type Application/Standards Tree -]", ["0002.html"]], ["[POWDER] About describedby", ["0030.html", "0010.html"]], ["[XSLT2] in references section but not cited in body of POWDER formal semantics", ["0022.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0007.html"]], ["Comments on Nov-14 WD for ITS IG", ["0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0046.html"]], ["Correction for Primer doc", ["0042.html"]], ["Error (IMHO) in the formal doc", ["0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["Feature List", ["0056.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Last call comments: GROUPS and FORMAL", ["0031.html"]], ["Media Type Registration request for POWDER and POWDER-S", ["0033.html"]], ["Na\u00efve question: Datatypes for RDF Properties?", ["0043.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Na\u00efve question: Datatypes for RDF Properties?)", ["0041.html"]], ["POWDER depends on a Note for date syntax?", ["0015.html", "0005.html"]], ["POWDER formal semantics 4.3 comments", ["0044.html", "0032.html", "0000.html"]], ["powder-test/grddl/powder002.xml is 404?", ["0009.html", "0006.html"]], ["Reg ex error for in/excludeiripattern (formal doc)", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["Request for two new media types submitted", ["0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0052.html", "0047.html", "0045.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0003.html"]], ["SemPP v0.3", ["0061.html"]], ["separate normative from informative references in POWDER formal semantics?", ["0025.html", "0008.html"]], ["struggling to understand conformance in POWDER formal semantics", ["0021.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0004.html"]]], [["@rel type 'describedby'", ["0021.html", "0016.html"]], ["a microformat like POWDER", ["0000.html"]], ["Discussion of foaf:depiction/wdrs:logo (was Updates to POWDER-S voc and namespace doc)", ["0027.html"]], ["Feedback on the describedby @rel type and more", ["0024.html"]], ["ISSUE-283 (Jonathan Jeon): a microformat for mobileOK trustmark [mobileOK scheme]", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["POWDER formal semantics 4.3 comments", ["0025.html", "0020.html", "0015.html"]], ["POWDER Processor update", ["0026.html"]], ["Powder technology buttons created and installed", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["POWDER to POWDER-BASE transformation script", ["0009.html"]], ["POWDER-S in Clark & Parsia's latest ontology browser", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Signalling to proxies", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Sprinkling POWDER on metaTXT", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Validator update - including POWDER-BASE transformation", ["0008.html"]], ["why \"describedby\" instead of \"meta\"?", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]]], [["[Fwd: ISAN in POWDER]", ["0027.html"]], ["[public-powderwg] <none>", ["0022.html"]], ["comment: powder grouping handling of IRIs...", ["0013.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ETA on XSLT for POWDER to POWDER-S", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0002.html"]], ["LC-Comment on POWDER-Semantics", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["More versions of Primer coming", ["0026.html"]], ["New version of primer with comments accounted for", ["0025.html"]], ["POWDER-S Schema - revised version", ["0016.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["PROPOSED RESOLUTION ON issuedby", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Signalling to proxies", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Summary of comments on the Primer FPWD", ["0021.html", "0006.html"]]], [["Another typo on the DR doc (LC comment)", ["0015.html"]], ["Blog post on metadata discovery", ["0024.html"]], ["Comment from Jo Rabin", ["0027.html"]], ["Comments on POWDER semantics last call document", ["0019.html", "0013.html"]], ["Error in Example 4.5 of DR doc (treat as LC comment)", ["0003.html"]], ["ERT WG comment on POWDER documents", ["0025.html"]], ["ETA on XSLT for POWDER to POWDER-S", ["0034.html"]], ["HTTP Link update", ["0031.html"]], ["LC Comment Herman", ["0035.html", "0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["LC Comment on Primer", ["0001.html"]], ["Multiple display text/icons (treat as LC comment)", ["0016.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Multiple display text/icons (treat as LC comment))", ["0012.html"]], ["Opera Software last call comments", ["0022.html", "0020.html"]], ["POWDER Processor v 0.1", ["0017.html"]], ["POWDER schema bug fix", ["0018.html"]], ["PROPOSED RESOLUTION on Arbitrary RDF in POWDER", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Slide Set: POWDER in a nutshell", ["0000.html"]], ["Typo in DR doc (LC comment)", ["0014.html"]], ["Validator update", ["0002.html"]], ["Warning sounded on web's future", ["0023.html", "0021.html"]]], [["HTTP Link, rel=\"powder\" cf. rel=\"describedby\"", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["POWDER Primer, <link> in \u00a75 RDFa example", ["0007.html"]], ["scribe needed for today's call)", ["0008.html"]]], [["Blank nodes in descriptor sets - a proposal to deal with this using Occam's Razor", ["0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Comment on Formal Semantics, status of GRDDL transform", ["0063.html"]], ["Comment on Formal Semantics: attribution element semantics", ["0053.html"]], ["Comment on Formal Semantics: complementOf usage", ["0056.html"]], ["Comment on Formal Semantics: transformation processor knowledge", ["0055.html"]], ["Comment on Formal Semantics: typed node", ["0058.html"]], ["Comment on POWDER WDR, 2008-06-30: exact translation of descriptorset into POWDER-S", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["Comment on POWDER WDR, 2008-06-30: POWDER-S interpretation of tagset", ["0024.html", "0021.html", "0009.html"]], ["Comment on POWDER WDR, 2008-06-30: should use rdf:ID", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Comment on POWDER WDR, 2008-06-30: usage of nodeId", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Comment on POWDER WDR, 2008-06-30: usage of value in hasValue", ["0019.html", "0017.html", "0012.html"]], ["Comment on POWDER WDR, 2008-06-30: wrong references in example 2-7", ["0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["Comment on the POWDER document, 2008-06-30, Right URI for the DC terms", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["DC Terms, FOAF etc", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Editorial comment on Description Resources", ["0062.html"]], ["Editorial Comment on Formal Semantics, base namespace change", ["0059.html"]], ["Editorial Comment on Formal Semantics, wrong URI", ["0054.html"]], ["Editorial comment on Formal Semantics: define sha1sum and certified", ["0060.html"]], ["Editorial comment on Formal Semantics: do not detail iriset in example", ["0061.html"]], ["Editorial Comment on Formal Semantics: RDF Class vs OWL Class", ["0057.html"]], ["Editorial comment on POWDER WDR, 2008-06-30: exact translation of descriptorset into POWDER-S", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Editorial comment on POWDER WDR, 2008-06-30: wrong regex", ["0022.html", "0020.html"]], ["Euracert vocabulary", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["FOAF/DC Terms discussion summary and PROPOSED RESOLUTION", ["0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["Grouping experience -> tiny change needed", ["0072.html"]], ["POWDER validator 0.1 online", ["0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html"]], ["PROPOSED RESOLUTION of attribution (again!)", ["0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html"]], ["PROPOSED RESOLUTION: use dcterms for the maker element and rename to creator", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["PROPOSED RESOLUTION: use dcterms for the maker element and rename to creator)", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["rdf:nodeID and rdf:about in powder-dr examples", ["0004.html", "0001.html"]], ["Revisiting foaf:maker", ["0045.html"]], ["Series of comments on Formal Spec", ["0052.html"]], ["wdrs:issuedby fc. foaf:maker and dcterms:creator", ["0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html"]], ["wdrs:issuedby fc. foaf:maker and dcterms:creator)", ["0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html"]]], [["includehosts mandatory?", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["POWDER Processor result, include describedby?", ["0008.html"]], ["PROPOSAL to allow multiple descriptor sets in DRs", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Transport XML meta data as well as RDF?", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]]], [["Exceptions to a label's normal rules", ["0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Proposal to drop support for pointing to a specific DR", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["rel=describedBy or rel=powder ?", ["0005.html"]], ["Report on Beijing", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Semantics, Basic, OWL 2 and POWDER", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Using Linking Open Data datasets", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]]], [["$B%!(B2.1.3 IRI/URI Canonicalization does not address IRIs with IDNs", ["0012.html"]], ["Another semantics question", ["0048.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0034.html", "0028.html"]], ["Comments on new version of primer", ["0015.html"]], ["Exceptions to a label's normal rules", ["0059.html"]], ["HTTP Link discussion", ["0003.html"]], ["In support of draft-nottingham-http-link-header-01", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["IRI set tester", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["meta-DRs abd grouping by resource property", ["0021.html", "0018.html"]], ["New version of primer", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["POWDER formalisms", ["0057.html"]], ["POWDER Formalisms 2 - this time with promised addendum", ["0058.html"]], ["Report on Beijing", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html"]], ["single include/exclude pair in vanilla POWDER/XML and POWDER-S", ["0020.html", "0017.html"]], ["String Matching -> Reg Ex is not always easy)", ["0002.html"]], ["taglists et alia", ["0019.html", "0016.html"]], ["The 'missing protocol part'?", ["0056.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["XML question", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["XSLT for port splitting", ["0055.html", "0050.html"]], ["XSLT question", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["XSLT question)", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0031.html", "0027.html"]], ["XSLT question))", ["0054.html"]], ["\u00a72.1.3 IRI/URI Canonicalization does not address IRIs with IDNs", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["\u30a12.1.3 IRI/URI Canonicalization does not address IRIs with IDNs", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]]], [["Apologies for Twixter message", ["0002.html"]], ["Encoding tags in DRS", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["IRI sets in the real world", ["0015.html"]], ["mapsTo cf. ref cf. rdfs:seeAlso", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["More changes in nomenclature", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["New version of primer", ["0016.html"]], ["String Matching -> Reg Ex is not always easy", ["0017.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["typo in POWDER abstract", ["0010.html"]]], [["Another attempt at 'cascading DRs'", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Athens f2f meeting summary", ["0001.html"]], ["Encoding tags in DRS", ["0019.html"]], ["IRI/URI Canonicalization does not address IRIs with IDNs", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0014.html"]], ["powder wg f2f meeting report", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["\u00a72.1.3 IRI/URI Canonicalization does not address IRIs with IDNs", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["[comment] URI/IRI canonicalization in powder-grouping", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Descriptors linked from RS or DR? (again)", ["0009.html"]], ["help with dated entailments ... (for POWDER)", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["More discussion on the other channel", ["0022.html"]], ["operationally, ResourceSets are sets of URIs not resources", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Outcome of Meeting with Jeremy Carroll, Stuart Williams and Dan Brickley", ["0000.html"]], ["Posts on the GRDDL WG mailing list", ["0015.html"]], ["Some test data", ["0021.html"]], ["status report - formal layer", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["status report - formal layer)", ["0025.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Writing up the Carroll Format", ["0014.html", "0012.html", "0008.html"]]], [["[access-control]", ["0022.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["[Fwd: RDF/XML and named graphs]", ["0036.html"]], ["includePathStartsWith and initial /", ["0056.html", "0055.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0048.html"]], ["includeUsers?", ["0054.html", "0051.html", "0047.html"]], ["IPv6 regex", ["0041.html"]], ["Is POWDER working group looking at ACAP?", ["0006.html", "0001.html"]], ["Next face to face and new telecon time", ["0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Open Issues: DR scope", ["0029.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0009.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["operationally, ResourceSets are sets of URIs not resources", ["0049.html", "0045.html"]], ["Outcome of Meeting with Jeremy Carroll, Stuart Williams and Dan Brickley", ["0044.html"]], ["POWDER for publishing status", ["0014.html"]], ["question concerning UCR", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Reification as it applies to POWDER", ["0000.html"]], ["Relevant threads on other lists", ["0042.html"]], ["Resource-DR relationship type", ["0035.html"]], ["suggestion: combine includePorts with includePortRanges etc", ["0050.html", "0046.html"]], ["Thoughts from Jeremy Carroll", ["0043.html"]], ["URI groups", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]]], [["[comment] URI/IRI canonicalization in powder-grouping", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0012.html"]], ["DR structure debate: summary and conclusion", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Draft of OWL schema generated from a policy (from discussions with TimBL)", ["0010.html"]], ["First POWDER test", ["0006.html"]], ["modelling URI groups", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["More on the HTTP Link header issue", ["0007.html"]], ["New DRs", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["POWDER and OWL", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["POWDER-related questions about RDFa linkage", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Rewriting POWDER following Face to Face", ["0011.html"]], ["Some SPARQL Tests on the proposed DR model", ["0032.html"]]], [["assuming HTTP Link will get ratified?", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0002.html"]], ["Comments from SWCG", ["0001.html"]], ["Link Header draft", ["0013.html"]], ["POWDER and FOAF", ["0014.html"]], ["POWDER WG timeline (hoped for)", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Review of POWDER draft", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Seeking help with a Description Resources issue", ["0010.html"]], ["where is the rdf (owl, etc.) file for the powder vocabulary?", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]]], [["[CT] Using robots.txt to flag an adapting site", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["[POWDER-DR] Comments regarding RDFa", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["another accessibility use case", ["0012.html"]], ["Descriptors linked from RS or DR? (again)", ["0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Fwd: ISSUE-3: AC: does the AC syntax need to align with POWDER WG?", ["0008.html"]], ["My email is playing up", ["0007.html"]], ["RDFa usage in POWDER", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["XQuery/Reg Exes", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["Comments on Grouping of Resources", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["POWDER <-> ramm.x", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["XQuery/Reg Exes", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]]], [["[comment] Seeking lexical constraints for includeHost property", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[Use Cases and Requirements] comment", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Aligning grouping of resources in POWDER and WAF Access Control.", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0004.html"]], ["Descriptors linked from RS or DR? (again)", ["0014.html"]], ["Question regarding the availability of services (and resources)", ["0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Use Cases & Requirements Document consultation ends this Friday", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["3xx HTTP Response codes", ["0024.html"]], ["[SKOS] ACTION on relating skos:Concept to a foaf:Person", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Comment on Use Cases doc", ["0004.html"]], ["Likely regrets for call", ["0003.html"]], ["POWDER stuff on my.opera.com", ["0025.html"]], ["POWDER tags use case rewritten and rdf:type requirement", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["testability of POWDER requirements such as \"3.3.4 Compact\"", ["0001.html"]], ["title should say what POWDER is", ["0002.html"]], ["updated FOAF spec)", ["0000.html"]]], [["(Ref.: ISSUE-12: Conjunction and disjunction) Semantics of resource set definitions", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["ISSUE-5: Support for IRIs", ["0001.html"]], ["Musings on SPARQL Queries", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["URI Canonicalization", ["0002.html"]], ["Use case 6: Scalar Classification", ["0000.html"]], ["Using tags for POWDER content labels", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["Last Call Review: EARL 1.0 Schema Last Call Working Draft", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Musings on resource grouping", ["0002.html"]], ["Resource grouping discussion doc", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Stabilising FOAF terms to use for normative references", ["0008.html", "0003.html"]], ["Using tags for POWDER content labels", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["Access conditions in DRs", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Announcing the POWDER Working Group Blog", ["0001.html"]], ["IETF/Link Headers", ["0000.html"]], ["Last Call Review: EARL 1.0 Schema Last Call Working Draft", ["0007.html"]], ["Musings on resource grouping", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Observing MWI meetings in Darmstadt", ["0002.html"]]], [["New Public mailing list - public-powderwg", ["0000.html"]]]]