[[["Apology for today's meeting", ["0006.html"]], ["Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines in Accessibility of Remote Meetings page", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 13 May 2020", ["0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 6 May 2020", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 13 May 2020", ["0008.html"]]], [["Accessibility of remote meetings", ["0020.html"]], ["Decision on CfC (CORRECTED): Move to using Zoom for APA Teleconferences", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 15 April 2020", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 22 April 2020", ["0021.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 29 April 2020", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0024.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 8 April 2020", ["0012.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 1 April 2020", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 15 April 2020", ["0019.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 22 April 2020", ["0023.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 8 April 2020", ["0015.html"]], ["Minor updates to Accessibility of Remote Meetings wiki page", ["0014.html"]], ["More XAUR comments that need discussion", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Remote meeting wiki - help needed to add new section", ["0013.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Remote Meetings wiki page - updates", ["0031.html"]], ["Remote Meetings wiki page reorganized", ["0016.html"]], ["RQTF / XAUR topics for discussion today", ["0022.html"]], ["XAUR - Advice on language for Symbol Sets vs AAC", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["XAUR issues/comments from GH for discussion", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]]], [["Decision on CfC: Move to using Zoom for APA Teleconferences", ["0041.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Publish RAUR FPWD", ["0015.html"]], ["Literature review for disability, privacy and security", ["0035.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 1 April 2020", ["0040.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 18 March 2020", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 25 March 2020", ["0033.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 18 March 2020", ["0022.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 25 March 2020", ["0036.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 4 March 2020", ["0008.html"]], ["Moving meetings to the Zoom teleconference system", ["0026.html", "0023.html"]], ["Task Force meeting schedule", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Updated RTC Accessibility User Requirements doc ready", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C work on mixed reality accessibility YouTube vid from OZeWAI 2020", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Wiki page on accessibility of remote meetings created", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]]], [["Apology for today's meeting", ["0016.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 12 February 2020", ["0008.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 19 February 2020", ["0012.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 26 February 2019", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 4 March 2020", ["0024.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 5 February 2020", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 12 February 2020", ["0009.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 19 February 2020", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 26 February 2020", ["0018.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 5 February 2020", ["0002.html"]], ["Security, Privacy and Accessibility use cases", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Verifiable credentials - wiki page updated", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Verifiable Credentials use cases - updated", ["0010.html"]], ["XAUR inputs and the mind", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["XR Accessibility User Requirements FPWD", ["0011.html"]]], [["[TIME SENSITIVE] 48 hours left for Verifiable Credentials charter vote", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Decentralized Identifiers - wiki page created", ["0000.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Grant updated working draft publication rights to our Task Forces", ["0042.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 15 January 2019", ["0028.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 22 January 2020", ["0036.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 29 January 2020", ["0040.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 8 January 2020", ["0011.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 15 January 2020", ["0033.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 22 January 2020", ["0039.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 29 January 2020", ["0041.html"]], ["Some potential accessibility-related Verifiable Credentials use cases", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Verifiable Claims use case update - International Travel with Guide Dog and Comfort Animals", ["0038.html", "0034.html"]], ["Verifiable Claims/DID User Needs and Use cases", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Verifiable Credentials Clarified", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["XAUR edits - removal of Scenario references", ["0037.html", "0035.html"]]], [["Accessible RTC - draft for review", ["0001.html"]], ["Accessible RTC user needs and requirements - comments", ["0015.html", "0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Better document structure for XAUR", ["0008.html"]], ["Feedback on action items ahead of today's meeting", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 11 December 2019", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 18 December 2019", ["0009.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 4 December 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 11 December 2019", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 18 December 2019", ["0014.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 4 December 2019", ["0002.html"]], ["XAUR - general comments", ["0016.html", "0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["XAUR Label created", ["0007.html"]]], [["(Resending) CAPTCHA updates recommended for WCAG", ["0010.html"]], ["Apology for today's call and next week", ["0007.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Publish CAPTCHA Errata Update", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 13 November 2019", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 20 November 2019", ["0005.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 13 November 2019", ["0004.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 20 November 2019", ["0008.html"]], ["RQTF meeting schedule", ["0009.html"]], ["Updated XAUR and XR Semantics Module document", ["0006.html"]]], [["CAPTCHA Errata Proposal", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: WebRTC Accessibility Considerations", ["0020.html"]], ["Fwd: RTT note in WebRTC 1.0", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 16 October 2019", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 23 October 2019", ["0021.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 9 October 2019", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 2 October 2019", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 23 October 2019", ["0022.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 9 October 2019", ["0015.html"]], ["Minutes from TPAC", ["0000.html"]], ["More minutes from TPAC", ["0006.html"]], ["RTT note in WebRTC 1.0", ["0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Thanks for TPAC meeting; Request for minutes URI?", ["0005.html"]], ["Urgent: RTT note in WebRTC 1.0", ["0004.html"]], ["XR Accessibility Primer Draft", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["AOM with APA at TPAC?", ["0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Apology for tomorrow's call", ["0022.html"]], ["Comments: accessible real-time communication - use cases", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: XR Device API Review", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 11 September 2019", ["0016.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 2 October 2019", ["0049.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 25 September 2019", ["0045.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 4 September 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 11 September 2019", ["0030.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 25 September 2019", ["0048.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 4 September 2019", ["0012.html"]], ["Real Time Text progress and Accessible RTC document as a working group note", ["0043.html"]], ["Real-time communication accessibility - working group interdependencies", ["0026.html"]], ["Recent article on nonvisually accessible text adventure games", ["0025.html"]], ["Request for joint meeting during TPAC", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0024.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Write up on first summit on XR accessibility", ["0015.html"]], ["XAUR and MAUR: articulation of requirements", ["0033.html"]], ["XR Access Symposium report", ["0009.html", "0003.html"]], ["XR Accessibility History and Lessons learned wikipage", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0042.html"]], ["XR Checklist draft", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["XR Device API Accessibility Review", ["0002.html"]]], [["ABC Australia: The internet thinks you're a robot, and other 'dark patterns' people with disabilities face online", ["0002.html"]], ["Accessible RTC Routing use case and Audio Device Client proposal from Web Audio Community Group", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["agenda+ Update to user needs section of XAUR", ["0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["Apology for this week's RQTF meeting", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["CAPTCHA is Published", ["0032.html", "0029.html"]], ["CAPTCHA updates recommended for WCAG", ["0046.html"]], ["Checklist proposal for XAUR document", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Comment about CAPTCHA article", ["0067.html"]], ["Comments: accessible real-time communication - use cases", ["0052.html", "0034.html"]], ["Common technologies used in XR applications", ["0021.html", "0016.html"]], ["Decentralized Identifiers and A11y", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Publish CAPTCHA as W3C updated Note", ["0004.html"]], ["Main wiki page reorganization", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 14 August 2019", ["0005.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 21 August 2019", ["0018.html", "0011.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 28 August 2019", ["0055.html", "0025.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 7 August 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 14 August 2019", ["0008.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 21 August 2019", ["0023.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 28 August 2019", ["0056.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 7 August 2019", ["0003.html"]], ["Request for joint meeting at TPAC", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0041.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["Request for joint meeting during TPAC", ["0068.html", "0031.html", "0028.html"]], ["Updated \"Inaccessibility of CAPTCHA\" Note Published", ["0030.html"]], ["XAUR - User requirements for augmentd and virtual reality - general comments", ["0047.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0033.html"]], ["XAUR - User requirements for augmented and virtual reality - general comments", ["0053.html", "0051.html", "0048.html", "0037.html"]], ["XAUR development- agenda+", ["0054.html", "0038.html"]], ["XR Accessibility - a suggested approach from this week's meeting", ["0013.html", "0010.html"]]], [["ABC Australia: The internet thinks you're a robot, and other 'dark patterns' people with disabilities face online", ["0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["Action-2201 Blind users texting interfaces", ["0031.html", "0029.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Apology for Wednesday meeting", ["0015.html"]], ["Draft #2: W3C Workshop: Transportation Data Models -- Due Today", ["0022.html"]], ["Finalizing CAPTCHA", ["0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["Main wiki page reorganization", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["Mapping of draft WebRTC user requirements and RFC 5194 ToIP/RTT", ["0016.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 10 July 2019", ["0035.html", "0030.html", "0017.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 17 July 2019", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 24 July 2019", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 3 July 2019", ["0005.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 31 July 2019", ["0049.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 17 July 2019", ["0040.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 24 July 2019", ["0043.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 3 July 2019", ["0010.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 31 July 2019", ["0050.html"]], ["W3C Workshop: Transportation Data Models -- Due Monday", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["WoT Architecture Accessibility review notes", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]]], [["Another CAPTCHA approach", ["0068.html", "0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["CAPTCHA advice in WCAG", ["0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["CAPTCHA Comment: character based section I18N considerations [I18N] (#29)", ["0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["CAPTCHA document", ["0033.html"]], ["CAPTCHA Update--An extended opportunity", ["0009.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["CAPTCHA: Almost ready!", ["0050.html"]], ["CAPTCHA: Should we illustrate our document?", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["CAPTCHA: Still not ready!", ["0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Clarification request for comment on Live Transcription and Captioning user requirements for RTT", ["0072.html"]], ["Conclusions of draft CAPTCHA Note", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Horizontal Review Update: APA's Updated CAPTCHA Note Draft", ["0052.html"]], ["may be a littel late to RQTF this week", ["0024.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 12 June 2019", ["0022.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 19 June 2019", ["0037.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 26 June 2019", ["0067.html", "0064.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 5 June 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 12 June 2019", ["0028.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 19 Junie 2019", ["0051.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 26 June 2019", ["0069.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 5 June 2019", ["0011.html"]], ["Our CAPTCHA doc with image and audio examples", ["0063.html"]], ["Update on Accessibility WebRTC user requirements document", ["0071.html"]], ["Updated \"Inaccessibility of CAPTCHA\" Draft for Wide Review", ["0070.html"]], ["Useful real-time text reference", ["0039.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Web Of Things Technical Accessibility Issues.", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0025.html"]], ["Web Of Things Use Cases", ["0026.html"]], ["WebRTC Next Version Use Cases Status", ["0027.html"]]], [["CAPTCHA Additions Finished -- Multi-Device section rewritten", ["0037.html"]], ["CAPTCHA and Webvisum", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["CAPTCHA Draft: Blinded Verifications Added", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Publish Second CAPTCHA Wide Review Draft", ["0044.html"]], ["From COGA-TF: My review of capture draft", ["0040.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 15 May 2019", ["0022.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 22 May 2019", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 8 May 2019", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 1 May 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 15 May 2019", ["0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 22 May 2019", ["0041.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 8 May 2019", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Notes on the latest CAPTCHA Note draft", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Please read asap--reCAPTCHA rewritten", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Recent research on tools for improving accessibility of VR to users with low vision", ["0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Requesting Horizontal Review: APA's Updated CAPTCHA Note Draft", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["RQTF call today?", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Task Force meeting schedule", ["0042.html"]], ["Useful real-time text reference", ["0043.html"]], ["web games workshop proposal thoughts", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[w3c/apa] captcha: what is an aggregator? (#17)", ["0009.html"]], ["Accessibility of XR - Notes on the Framework for Accessible Specification of Technologies", ["0007.html"]], ["Apology for this week and next week", ["0004.html"]], ["CAPTCHA - issue #24 (section 3.6: Logic Puzzles)", ["0001.html"]], ["CAPTCHA - issue #26", ["0000.html"]], ["CAPTCHA Aside: Fingerprints fade with age", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["CAPTCHA feedback for outstanding items", ["0015.html"]], ["CAPTCHA Update", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 1 May 2019", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 10 April 2019", ["0010.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 17 April 2019", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 24 April 2019", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 3 April 2019", ["0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Meeting minutes - 10 April 2019", ["0012.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 17 April 2019", ["0018.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 24 April 2019", ["0028.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 3 April 2019", ["0006.html"]], ["Paper cited in connection with Issue #26 (for ease of reference)", ["0008.html", "0003.html"]], ["xR Accessibility Symposium", ["0031.html"]], ["XR Technology for Seniors", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0025.html"]]], [["A note on the forthcoming agenda - virtual and augmented reality accessibility", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Accessibility of XR - Notes on the Framework for Accessible Specification of Technologies", ["0039.html", "0036.html"]], ["AW: WG: W3C M&E IG conference call: Subtitles in 360\u00b0 Video and VR Experiences on the Web", ["0004.html"]], ["CAPTCHA - issue #24 (section 3.6: Logic Puzzles)", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html"]], ["CAPTCHA - issue #26", ["0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["CAPTCHA draft comments re WCAG updated", ["0002.html"]], ["CAPTCHA note GitHub issues", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Feedback on in-browser CAPTCHA research", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Framework for Accessible Specification of Technologies", ["0011.html"]], ["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time (DST) change -- first half of 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["Interesting CAPTCHA article", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 20 March 2019", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 27 March 2019", ["0031.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 6 March 2019", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 20 March 2019", ["0028.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 27 March 2019", ["0034.html"]], ["Meeting schedule", ["0006.html"]], ["New open issues in response to draft note on CAPTCHA", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["New wiki pages created", ["0005.html"]], ["Summary of the status of open CAPTCHA issues", ["0033.html"]], ["Updated \"Inaccessibility of CAPTCHA\" draft published for wide review", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Your commont on our CAPTCHA draft document", ["0032.html"]]], [["48-Hour Call for Consensus (CfC): Publish CAPTCHA Wide Review Draft", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["CAPTCHA draft", ["0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Feedback on in-browser CAPTCHA research", ["0030.html"]], ["First two comment response branches uploaded", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Initial Rough Draft: KD Architecture", ["0013.html"]], ["Invite to the Knowledge Domain Community Group", ["0011.html"]], ["Knowledge Domain Community Group Launched", ["0020.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 13 February 2019", ["0008.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 20 February 2019", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 27 February 2019", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 6 February 2019", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 13 February 2019", ["0018.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 20 February 2019", ["0025.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 27 February 2019", ["0033.html"]], ["Meeting postponed to next week", ["0006.html"]], ["Recent EPUB community group meeting on chemistry accessibility", ["0014.html"]], ["Running a little late", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Subtitles/closed captions in 360-degree video - reference", ["0022.html", "0019.html"]], ["Updated \"Inaccessibility of CAPTCHA\" draft published for wide review", ["0021.html"]]], [["Feedback on latest CAPTCHA document", ["0003.html"]], ["Final reCAPTCHA Tweaks", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 16 January 2019", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 23 January 2019", ["0012.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 9 January 2019", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 16 January 2019", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 23 January 2019", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 9 January 2019", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting schedule", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Redraft of CAPTCHA Conclusion Section", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["Additional references for discussion", ["0004.html"]], ["Apology for this week's meeting", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["CAPTCHA reference and addressing the editors note", ["0017.html"]], ["Latest CAPTCHA Draft", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 12 December 2018", ["0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 19 December 2018", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 12 December 2018", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 19 December 2018", ["0016.html"]], ["Meeting postponed to next week, and update", ["0002.html"]], ["Testing captcha", ["0019.html"]], ["Testing reCAPTCHA", ["0018.html"]]], [["Domain-Specific Content - summary of findings updated", ["0010.html"]], ["Formal summary of music domain literature", ["0008.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 28 November 2018", ["0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 7 November 2018", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 28 November 2018", ["0012.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 7 November 2018", ["0005.html"]], ["Meeting schedule", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Music domain literature summary", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Additional music domain references", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Domain-specific notations/content - references", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeitng agenda for 10 October 2018", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 3 October 2018", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 31 October 2018", ["0008.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 10 october 2018", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting postponed", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes from 31 October RQTF teleconference", ["0009.html"]]], [["Apology for the meeting on Wednesday", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Domain-specific accessibility literature - STEM accessibility", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Domain-specific STEM literature - ready for wiki", ["0010.html"]], ["Draft #1: Knowledge Domain Accessibility", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Keywords needed to help with music domain searches", ["0019.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Mathematics accessibility references - update", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 12 September 2018", ["0005.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 19 September 2018", ["0015.html", "0012.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 26 September 2018", ["0017.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 5 September 2018", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 5 September 2018)", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 12 September 2018", ["0011.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 19 September 2018", ["0016.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 26 September 2018", ["0022.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 5 September 2018", ["0004.html"]]], [["Apology for Wednesday meeting", ["0015.html"]], ["Comments on CAPTCHA draft", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Draft changes to CAPTCHA Note - security and privacy", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 15 August 2018", ["0011.html", "0007.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 22 August 2018", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 8 August 2018", ["0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 15 August 2018", ["0012.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 8 August 2018", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting postponed, and planning for the next few weeks", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Minutes for 1 August", ["0000.html"]], ["Useful survey of research into mathematics accessibility up to circa 2007", ["0014.html"]]], [["Advancing revision of the CAPTCHA Note draft", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Apologies for today's meeting", ["0010.html"]], ["Definition of Mixed Reality", ["0002.html"]], ["Inaccessibility of CAPTCHA draft update", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 1 August 2018", ["0014.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 11 July 2018", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 18 July 2018", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 25 July 2018", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Meeting minutes from 11 July 2018", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting postponed to next week", ["0011.html"]], ["Minutes from 18 July", ["0007.html"]]], [["Administrative Request", ["0020.html"]], ["Another CAPTCHA push completed", ["0008.html"]], ["AR & VR: Fake News Article in the Atlantic Monthly", ["0012.html"]], ["Augmented Reality and Accessibility - wiki page created", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["CAPTCHA Status and Next Steps", ["0000.html"]], ["CAPTCHA Status and Next Steps)", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: FPWD of Revised CAPTCHA Note", ["0022.html"]], ["Definition of Mixed Reality", ["0023.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 13 June 2018", ["0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 27 June 2018", ["0019.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 6 June 2018", ["0010.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 13 June 2018", ["0017.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 27 June 2018", ["0021.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 6 June 2018", ["0011.html"]], ["Next meeting", ["0018.html"]], ["One last CAPTCHA push completed", ["0009.html"]]], [["Apology for Wednesday's meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["AR in Automotive", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Augmented Reality literature review", ["0009.html"]], ["Captcha Update: Broken URIs", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 30 May 2018", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Meeting minutes - 2 May 2018", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 30 May 2018", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting postponement", ["0006.html"]]], [["Call for Consensus (CfC): forward draft of CAPTCHA Note to APA Working Group for further review and development", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["CAPTCHA draft updated in GitHub", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Decision on Call for Consensus (CfC): forward draft of CAPTCHA Note to APA Working Group for further review and development", ["0015.html"]], ["Interesting research on alternative and augmentative communication", ["0020.html"]], ["Liberty Alliance: CAPTCHA update - draft for discussion", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 11 April 2018", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 2 May 2018", ["0021.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 4 April 2018", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 11 April 2018", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 4 April 2018", ["0001.html"]], ["Please review new Captcha Note draft", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Scott's CAPTCHA update - draft for discussion", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time change \u2013first half of 2018", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 7 March 2018", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes from 7 March", ["0002.html"]], ["Next meeting", ["0003.html"]]], [["Apology for Wednesday's meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Literature on AR, SVG and role-based uses", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 14 February 2018", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 21 february 2017", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 14 February 2018", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 21 February 2018", ["0008.html"]], ["Meeting schedule", ["0009.html"]], ["RQTF meeting schedule", ["0001.html"]]], [["\"reliability\" of IoT/WoT", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 10 January 2018", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 17 January 2018", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 31 January 2018", ["0009.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 17 January 2018", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 31 January 2018", ["0012.html"]], ["Meeting postponed to 17 January", ["0005.html"]], ["Navigation - use cases and requirements - wiki page created", ["0013.html"]], ["Reference on Web application navigation by screen reader users", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html"]]], [["Action item - web of things literature summary", ["0004.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 13 December 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 13 December 2017", ["0005.html"]], ["Next RQTF meeting scheduled for Wednesday, 13 December", ["0000.html"]], ["Review Request: W3C Web Authen new draft targeted for CR", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Action item - web of things literature summary", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 29 November 2017", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 29 November 2017", ["0015.html"]], ["Next meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["RQTF minutes for 1 November 2017", ["0000.html"]], ["TPAC Meeting Request [Was: W3C Web Authentication WG approaching milestone; seeks review]", ["0001.html"]], ["W4A 2018 focus on IoT", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Web Authentication evaluation", ["0005.html"]]], [["\"Virtual Reality\" wiki page updated", ["0006.html"]], ["[w3c/wcag21] Statement of partial conformance - Language (#243)", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0008.html"]], ["Accessibility of virtual reality - references added to wiki page", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["CAPTCHAs cracked by new artificial intelligence, after very little training", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 1 November 2017", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 11 October 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 18 October 2017", ["0005.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 25 October 2017", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 11 October 2017", ["0004.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 18 October 2017", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 25 October 2017", ["0014.html"]], ["TPAC Meeting Request [Was: W3C Web Authentication WG approaching milestone; seeks review]", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Upcoming Daylight Savings Time changes", ["0009.html"]], ["VR research synopsis - updated", ["0010.html"]], ["W3C Web Authentication WG approaching milestone; seeks review", ["0000.html"]]], [["Accessibility of Virtual Reality - wiki page", ["0012.html"]], ["Accessibility Questions from APA", ["0006.html"]], ["Apology for today's call", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 13 September 2017", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 20 September 2017", ["0011.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 27 September 2017", ["0015.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 6 September 2017", ["0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 27 September 2017", ["0016.html"]], ["Meeting pstponed", ["0014.html"]], ["Next RQTF meeting scheduled for Wednesday, 11 October", ["0017.html"]], ["Part 3 of VR wrtie-up", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Preparation of \"virtual reality\" synopsis", ["0010.html"]], ["VR and accessibility - literature analysis and categories for consideration", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Apology for today's call & feedback on authentication questions", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Authentication questions", ["0004.html"]], ["Call for Consensus - questions to be posed to the Web Authentication Working Group", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: questions to be posed to the Web Authentication Working Group", ["0024.html"]], ["Draft #2:Questions to frame authentication discussion", ["0017.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 16 August 2017", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 23 August 2017", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 30 August 2017", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 9 August 2017", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meeting logistics", ["0015.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 30 August 2017", ["0025.html"]], ["Minutes for 23 August 2017", ["0016.html"]], ["Minutes for 9 August 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["Reminder - meeting postponed to next week", ["0000.html"]], ["VR accessibility literature summary", ["0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]]], [["Draft questions for Web Authentication Working Group", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 12 July 2017", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 19 July 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 26 July 2017", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 19 July 2017", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 26 July 2017", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Meeting minutes from 12 July 2017", ["0001.html"]], ["Notes from IoT presentation", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Some VR paper reviews", ["0010.html"]]], [["Fwd: [Webinar] Accessibility in the VR/AR Space", ["0015.html"]], ["Fwd: Focused questions regarding CAPTCHA and authentication", ["0005.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 14 June 2017", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 28 June 2017", ["0016.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 5 July 2017", ["0022.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 7 June 2017", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 14 June 2017", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes from 28 June 2017", ["0018.html"]], ["Minutes from 7 June", ["0007.html"]], ["Next meeting - postponed to 28 June", ["0014.html"]], ["Silver feedback request\u2014core survey questions", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["VR and accessibility literature search", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html"]]], [["Another way forward? (Just an idea for discussion)", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Apology for today's meeting", ["0027.html"]], ["Captcha notes - rendered GitHub pages updated", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["CHI 2017 Proceedings", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 10 May 2017", ["0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 24 May 2017", ["0037.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 3 May 2017", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 10 May 2017", ["0029.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 24 May 2017", ["0041.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 3 May 2017", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting postponement", ["0036.html"]], ["Meeting update", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Minor updates to CAPTCHA Findings document", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Plans for next meeting", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Question regarding authentication work", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]]], [["Brief meeting minutes for 5 April 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["Captcha notes - rendered GitHub pages updated", ["0011.html"]], ["Draft CAPTCHA notes updated", ["0009.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 19 April 2017", ["0004.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 19 April 2017]", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 26 April 2017", ["0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 5 April 2017", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 19 April 2017", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting postponed to next week due to holidays", ["0003.html"]], ["suggested RQTF notes for APA CAPTCHA revision", ["0005.html"]]], [["Antw: Meeting agenda for 8 March 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["Apology for 29 March meeting", ["0020.html"]], ["Current APA CAPTCHA note feedback", ["0012.html"]], ["Document preparation and editing logistics", ["0011.html"]], ["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time change \u2013first half of 2017", ["0000.html"]], ["Interesting CAPTCHA-related work from Google", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 15 March 2017", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 22 March 2017", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 29 March 2017", ["0019.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 8 March 2017", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 22 March 2017", ["0018.html"]], ["Meeting postponed to next week", ["0021.html"]], ["Minutes RQTF meeting March 8, 2017", ["0003.html"]], ["Outline of document to contain findings on CAPTCHA has been created", ["0016.html"]], ["Request for review: draft Web Technology Accessibility Guidelines checklist", ["0017.html", "0014.html"]], ["Research Questions Task Force meeting minutes for 15 March 2017", ["0010.html"]], ["RQTF Git repository hosted on GitHub", ["0015.html"]], ["Topic 1 Authentication reading notes", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["[minutes] RQTF 15 February 2017", ["0014.html"]], ["[minutes] RQTF 8 February 2017", ["0005.html"]], ["Action item - CAPTCHA alternatives analysis", ["0012.html"]], ["Alternatives to CAPTCHA", ["0010.html"]], ["Apology for today's meeting", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Feedback on Web of Things", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0002.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 15 February 2017", ["0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 22 February 2017", ["0015.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 8 February 2017", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meeting postponed for lack of quorum", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Meeting postponed for lack of quorum)", ["0021.html"]], ["Minutes for 1 February 2017", ["0000.html"]]], [["Apology for next meeting 25/1", ["0022.html"]], ["Authentication reference list update", ["0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["AW: RQTF meeting agenda for Wednesday, 4 January 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["Internet of Things research at Curtin University", ["0021.html"]], ["IoT/WoT accessibility (was: RQTF meeting agenda for 18 January 2017)", ["0018.html"]], ["Literature review planning - wiki page", ["0026.html"]], ["Main wiki page updated", ["0017.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 25 January 2017", ["0023.html"]], ["Minutes from RQTF meeting Wednesday 25th January", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Minutes of RQTF meeting, January 18th 2017", ["0019.html"]], ["Reference list update", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["RQTF meeting agenda for", ["0015.html"]], ["RQTF meeting agenda for 18 January 2017", ["0016.html"]], ["RQTF meeting agenda for Wednesday 11 January 2017", ["0008.html"]], ["RQTF meeting agenda for Wednesday, 4 January 2017", ["0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["RQTF meeting minutes for 11 January 2017", ["0009.html"]], ["Selection of papers for review", ["0020.html"]], ["Survey - choosing a regular teleconference time", ["0006.html"]], ["Task Force planning and agenda for Wednesday's meeting", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Topic 2: Supporting the Personalization of Web Applications - Requirements - lit review", ["0014.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Updated WebEx for RQTF meeting Wednesdays at 9:00 am Boston time", ["0007.html"]]], [["AW: Revised meeting agenda", ["0002.html"]], ["Late apology & request for discussion", ["0008.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Meeting agenda for 14 December 2016", ["0010.html"]], ["Minutes from 7 December teleconference", ["0004.html"]], ["Revised meeting agenda", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Revised meeting agenda)", ["0006.html"]], ["RQTF meeting minutes - 14 December 2016", ["0011.html"]], ["Survey: choosing an ongoing teleconference time", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Topic 3 - CAPTCHA literature review initial draft completed", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]]], [["AW: Introductions and review of work plan", ["0006.html"]], ["Initial Research Questions Task Force teleconference", ["0000.html"]], ["Introductions and review of work plan", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Minutes from 16 November", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Research Questions Task Force - meeting minutes of 16 November 2016", ["0007.html"]], ["Teleconference agenda - 16 November 2016", ["0002.html"]], ["Teleconference agenda - Wednesday, 30 November 2016", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]]], [["Accessibility of user authentication", ["0000.html"]], ["Accessible authentication - scope and content of research questions", ["0001.html"]], ["Collaboration with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working Group", ["0002.html"]], ["Request for comments on revised Work Plan", ["0003.html"]]], [["Authentication on the Web: Issues List", ["0001.html"]], ["Research Questions Task Force - Work Plan", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]]]]