[[["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Announcement: Fedora API Specification Proposed Recommendation", ["0000.html"]]], [["Startin'blox looking for a Python developer", ["0000.html"]]], [["Hello LDP Next", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Announcement: Fedora API Specification Candidate Recommendation (#2)", ["0000.html"]], ["Hello LDP Next", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0000.html"]]], [["interesting story", ["0000.html"]]], [["Announcement: Fedora API Specification Candidate Recommendation", ["0001.html"]], ["W3C Questionnaire and TPAC session on Practices and Tooling for Web Data Standardization", ["0000.html"]]], [["yahoo! something cool", ["0000.html"]]], [["[fedora-tech] Static LDP", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["\ud83d\udd14 Linked Data Notifications: Call for implementations", ["0000.html"]]], [["Fedora Repository Specification - Fixity", ["0000.html"]]], [["bug? - ldp:membershipResource rdfs:range rdf:Property .", ["0000.html"]]], [["bug? - ldp:membershipResource rdfs:range rdf:Property .", ["0001.html"]], ["Reminder - LDP Next Community Group Meeting (Today, Oct 6, 2016, 2:00 - 3:30 pm CST)", ["0000.html"]]], [["Fwd: Adding LDN Inbox to the LDP namespace", ["0013.html"]], ["LDP Next Community Group Status Update", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["LDP Next Community Group Update", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Minutes of LDPNext Bi-Weekly Meeting #2", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Ping at TPAC2016", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Reminder of LDPNext Slack channel (send me your email to join)", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Reminder: LDPNext Community Group Webconf today (2:00 - 3:30PM CST)", ["0010.html"]], ["Weak ETags and If-Match issue", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["\ud83d\udd14 Linked Data Notifications: Call for feedback and implementations", ["0003.html"]]], [["Action Items for LDP Next Community Group Members", ["0004.html"]], ["Announcing LDP Next Community Group wiki", ["0000.html"]], ["If-Match and Weak ETags", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Last Call to Vote on Bi-Weekly Meeting Time", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Using the LDP namespace for Linked Data Notifications", ["0001.html"]]], [["Doodle Poll for LDP Next Web Meeting Day/Time", ["0018.html"]], ["LDP Next Meeting - Please check Junk mail for scheduler@join.me", ["0020.html"]], ["Let's get rolling", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Link to Recorded Meeting of 2016-07-21", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Linked Data Notifications", ["0025.html"]], ["Meeting Scheduled - Thursday, July 21 3:00 - 4:30 CST", ["0019.html"]], ["Please Respond with Meeting Preferences", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Reminder - LDP Next - Web Meeting Tomorrow (3:00 - 4:30pm CST)", ["0021.html"]], ["Reminder: Web Meeting Today (3:00 - 4:30 CST)", ["0022.html"]]], [["ldp:contains characteristics", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Will your Community Group meet during TPAC 2016?", ["0000.html"]]], [["bug? - ldp:membershipResource rdfs:range rdf:Property .", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Fedora4 - Extending and Restricting LDP Interactions", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Link Headers in POST Responses", ["0006.html"]]], [["bug? - ldp:membershipResource rdfs:range rdf:Property .", ["0000.html"]], ["W3C invites W3C Community Groups to meet at TPAC 2016", ["0001.html"]]], [["A reference to a WebSocket stream", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Client's ability to set Link relations", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["Fwd: the necessity of describing responses in-band", ["0003.html"]], ["Hydra CG & LDP NEXT CG - interest in coordination telecon?", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Pagination - let's finalize the collection design (ISSUE-42)", ["0018.html"]], ["PUT to create new resource in container?", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Specs defining Collection and Paging (former: Pagination - let's finalize the collection design (ISSUE-42))", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["the necessity of describing responses in-band", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]]]]