[[["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0000.html"]], ["XSLTExtensions 0.1.0", ["0001.html"]], ["XSLTExtensions 0.1.0 [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0002.html"]]], [["I've found some great stuff", ["0000.html"]]], [["Will your Community Group meet during TPAC 2016?", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C invites W3C Community Groups to meet at TPAC 2016", ["0000.html"]]], [["Updated PPL CG copy of XSL 1.1 spec?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Vote to add more page layout properties to caniuse.com", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Vote to add more page layout properties to caniuse.com", ["0000.html"]]], [["[css-page-floats] order of page float placement", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[css-page-floats] First read-through", ["0000.html"]]], [["[css-page-floats] block-start/end and left/right values", ["0000.html"]], ["Print and Page Layout Day [Was: Meetup at XML London?]", ["0001.html"]]], [["[css-page-floats] First cleanup", ["0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[css-page-floats] First read-through", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Meetup at XML London?", ["0009.html"]]], [["'and CSS'?", ["0000.html"]], ["[css-page-floats] First cleanup", ["0001.html"]], ["[css-page-floats] First read-through", ["0002.html"]], ["[css-page-floats][css-multicol] column-span: <integer> (Was: [css-page-floats] First cleanup)", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["[css-page-floats][css-overflow] First cleanup", ["0004.html"]]], [["'and CSS'?", ["0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Getting an area tree within your XSLT transform [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0003.html"]], ["xmlprague: hands on speedata Publisher session?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Changed affiliation", ["0001.html"]], ["xmlprague: hands on speedata Publisher session?", ["0000.html"]]], [["xmlprague: hands on speedata Publisher session?", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["ppl-ISSUE-1 (RFA): XSLTExtension Issue: Saxon9.5HE doesn`t work", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["What are the useful functions for accessing the area tree?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Poster (maybe) for Balisage 2014 conference", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Poster for Balisage 2014 conference [Was: Poster (maybe) for Balisage 2014 conference]", ["0003.html"]]], [["Font feature switches", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Add wiki pages for worked examples of sample documents?", ["0001.html"]], ["XSLT Extensions on GitHub [Was: 'pplcg' organisation on GitHub]", ["0000.html"]]], [["Antenna House joined the W3C", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Mike Miller has joined the CG", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["We saw", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["\"Requirements for Latin Text Layout and Pagination\" FPWD", ["0027.html"]], ["Area tree formats", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["DotNet Implementation for FOP available", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["DotNet Implementation f\u00fcr AHF 6.1 available", ["0018.html"]], ["Indenting first paragraph", ["0016.html"]], ["Jan To\u009aovsk\u00fd has joined the CG", ["0005.html"]], ["Look ahead processing", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["Namespaces in Extension Objects", ["0002.html"]], ["PDF annotations", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Position on further standardisation of XSL-FO?", ["0023.html"]], ["Reset your W3C password", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0017.html"]], ["What are the useful functions for accessing the area tree?", ["0019.html", "0006.html"]]], [["'pplcg' organisation on GitHub", ["0032.html"]], ["[latinreq] Covering Liam's PPL Wiki", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Add wiki pages for worked examples of sample documents?", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["AHF JobOptions for getting Area Tree", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0042.html"]], ["Anybody here also on fop-user?", ["0028.html"]], ["Candidate group description text [Was: Revise group description?]", ["0007.html", "0001.html"]], ["DotNet Implementation f\u00fcr AHF 6.1 available", ["0043.html", "0041.html"]], ["Drew Hodge, Sarbbottam Bandyopadhyay, and Markus Wiedenmaier have joined the CG", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["EXSLFO?", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Free to join, all welcome, at every level of expertise [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0031.html"]], ["Function libraries and other helpers? [Was: Does the Crystal Goblet apply?]", ["0010.html"]], ["Fwd: Add wiki pages for worked examples of sample documents?", ["0025.html"]], ["IRC - irc://irc.w3.org:6665/#ppl", ["0004.html"]], ["Open letter to vendors?", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Other stylesheet languages? Other topics?", ["0015.html", "0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["Position on further standardisation of XSL-FO?", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0016.html"]], ["Roman Kagarlitsky, Michael Sulyaev, and Kevin Brown have joined the CG", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Slides from PPL CG session at XML Prague 2014", ["0022.html"]], ["Specs we could comment on", ["0019.html"]], ["Tutorials and examples [Was: Does the Crystal Goblet apply?]", ["0009.html"]], ["W3C Workshop on Annotations", ["0006.html"]], ["What are the useful functions for accessing the area tree?", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0033.html"]], ["XSLT help wanted [Was: FOPRunXSLTExt for Antenna House]", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]]], [["'XSL-FO task force'? [Was: Revise group description?]", ["0061.html", "0057.html", "0055.html"]], ["A publishers view", ["0048.html"]], ["Dave has left the CG", ["0103.html", "0102.html"]], ["Discussing what to do next [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0074.html"]], ["Does the Crystal Goblet apply?", ["0053.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Draft poll", ["0071.html"]], ["Is \"0\" valid for all XSL-FO lengths?", ["0088.html", "0086.html", "0078.html", "0070.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meetup at XML Prague 2014?", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0056.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0040.html", "0037.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Our first tweet", ["0085.html", "0076.html", "0075.html"]], ["Poll closes tomorrow [Was: Update [Was: The poll]]", ["0101.html"]], ["Poll results", ["0104.html"]], ["Poll service provider?", ["0038.html"]], ["Printing in the browser", ["0084.html", "0054.html"]], ["Revise group description?", ["0106.html", "0006.html"]], ["Specs we could comment on", ["0003.html"]], ["StretchText", ["0073.html"]], ["Summary: Revise group description?", ["0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html"]], ["Survey results [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0105.html"]], ["The poll", ["0077.html", "0072.html"]], ["Update [Was: The poll]", ["0087.html", "0083.html", "0082.html"]], ["Validating FO", ["0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html"]], ["What's next for the Print and Page Layout Community Group? [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0079.html"]], ["XML Prague 2014 and XML London 2014 both have ' Publishing' topic/theme", ["0050.html", "0045.html"]], ["XML Prague 2014 and XML London 2014 both have 'Publishing' topic/theme", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["XML Prague sessions [Was: Meetup at XML Prague 2014?]", ["0052.html"]], ["XSLT help wanted [Was: FOPRunXSLTExt for Antenna House]", ["0010.html", "0008.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Active development", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0059.html", "0045.html"]], ["Consensus, timetable [Was: Goal of this group?]", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0056.html"]], ["FOPRunXSLTExt for Antenna House", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Goal of this group?", ["0067.html", "0060.html", "0054.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0046.html"]], ["IDPF (was Goal of this group?)", ["0064.html", "0058.html", "0050.html"]], ["Meetup at XML Prague 2014?", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Reusing own content [Was: Revise group description?]", ["0057.html"]], ["Revise group description?", ["0055.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0014.html", "0010.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Summary: What layout/styling technologies have people used?", ["0063.html", "0032.html"]], ["What layout/styling technologies have people used?", ["0021.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["What layout/styling technologies have people used? [Was: Revise group description?]", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]]], [["Early Draft of Pagination Document from Digital Publishing Interest Group", ["0000.html"]]], [["Balisage 2013?", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["FOPRunXSLTExt Example 5 - Copyfitting by adjusting 'font-size'", ["0000.html"]]], [["CSS flexible box model....", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Software license?", ["0003.html"]], ["Units and colours [Was: Where we headed?]", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0014.html"]], ["W3C meet, Paris, autumn 2013", ["0023.html"]], ["Where we headed?", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["W3C workshop on \"Publishing and the Open Web Platform\"", ["0000.html"]]], [["Adapt Saxon-CE event model to XSL-FO?", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Determining which Community and Business Groups should transition to Working Group", ["0017.html"]], ["FOPRunXSLTExt - Example 3 - Rotate wide block", ["0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["FOPRunXSLTExt - Example 4 - List item label width", ["0027.html"]], ["FOPRunXSLTExt on Windows", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["FOPRunXSLTExt wiki page", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Here's some stuff", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Layout design principles", ["0018.html"]], ["One Mercurial repository for spec and code?", ["0003.html"]], ["Software license?", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0019.html"]], ["Standardised API [Was: Adapt Saxon-CE event model to XSL-FO?]", ["0011.html"]]], [["Customer requirement, a critque", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["FO->Area as XSLT extension function", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["FO->Area as XSLT extension function [Was: Customer requirement, a critque]", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Here's some stuff", ["0036.html"]], ["Modular XSL-FO 2.0 spec?", ["0010.html", "0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Source code repository [Was: FO->Area as XSLT extension function]", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]]], [["Customer requirement #1: Decrease font size", ["0069.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["Customer requirement, a critque", ["0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0068.html"]], ["Mercurial information", ["0058.html", "0056.html"]], ["Mercurial repository and issue tracker [Was: Prerequisites for modifying XSL 2.0 spec or producing API]", ["0055.html", "0053.html"]], ["my approach on paged media", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["New Year, renewed activity [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["New Year. Renewed activity? New Chair?", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Other paged media processing approach", ["0013.html"]], ["Other paged media processing approach (was: New Year. Renewed activity? New Chair?)", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Other paged media processing approach (was: New Year. Renewed activity? New Chair?) - summary", ["0014.html"]], ["Other paged media processing approach - summary", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Prerequisites for modifying XSL 2.0 spec or producing API", ["0054.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Spec into Mercurial [Was: Prerequisites for modifying XSL 2.0 spec or producing API]", ["0057.html"]], ["XML Prague", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]]], [["New Year. Renewed activity? New Chair?", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Survey on Community and Business Group Experience [reminder]", ["0000.html"]]], [["requirements for paged media, Western", ["0000.html"]]], [["[Fwd: 7.22.2 overflow: :request to support of text-overflow]", ["0000.html"]]], [["[Fwd: 7.22.2 overflow: :request to support of text-overflow]", ["0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Another viewpoint on validation", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0002.html"]], ["Chair? [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Lists of processors and stylesheets", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["page groupings", ["0003.html"]], ["Pages about testing XSL-FO", ["0031.html"]], ["Poll closes today [Was: Chair?]", ["0010.html"]], ["Poll open", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["publishing conditions", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]]], [["\"CSS Fragmentation Module Level 3\" page", ["0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["Another viewpoint on validation", ["0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["Chair? [via Print and Page Layout Community Group]", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html"]], ["Cround Sourcing cross-review of CSS specs and XSL-FO (was: Is the group about \"Print and Page Layout\" or about XSL-FO ?)", ["0009.html"]], ["CSS and XSL-FO", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Fwd: ppl - Choosing a Chair for your Community Group", ["0018.html"]], ["Is the group about \"Print and Page Layout\" or about XSL-FO ?", ["0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Lists of processors and stylesheets", ["0046.html"]], ["Poll open", ["0048.html"]], ["Poll open [Was: Choosing a Chair for your Community Group]", ["0047.html", "0045.html"]], ["ppl - Choosing a Chair for your Community Group", ["0044.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["Standard way of relating font usage to font information on disk?", ["0016.html"]], ["Trying to join the group...", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["What do we want to do?", ["0003.html"]], ["Workflow - on the wiki", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0014.html"]], ["XSL-FO talk at 'MultilingualWeb Workshop', Luxembourg", ["0043.html"]]]]