[[["URI Request", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["w3id.org web server down?", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["question regarding w3id based purls", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Redirects", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Typo on https://www.w3.org/community/perma-id/", ["0001.html"]]], [["Using w3id.org URIs in OWL imports?", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0003.html"]]], [["governance model w3id", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Using w3id.org URIs in OWL imports?", ["0004.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0001.html"]]], [["regarding pull request for https://w3id.org/cevo/", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["URI creation", ["0002.html"]]], [["update informations", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Limitations of the service?", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["add DockerPedia URL to w3id.org", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Concerns regarding organisation subdomain", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["requesting URI update", ["0005.html"]], ["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0004.html"]]], [["Resource link - Disseminating Synthetic Smart Home Data for Advanced Applications", ["0000.html"]]], [["id request", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Alternative in case of fail", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["trying to add an ontology", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C Questionnaire and TPAC session on Practices and Tooling for Web Data Standardization", ["0000.html"]]], [["Mailbox Warning Alert", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["?", ["0000.html"]], ["Reserving w3id.org/eo (was: ?)", ["0001.html"]]], [["\u00f6deme hakk\u0131nda", ["0000.html"]]], [["PID PIM [SEC=UNCLASSIFIED]", ["0000.html"]]], [["Problems and Opportunities at purl.org", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["New redirect request", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Problems and Opportunities at purl.org", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Funding Opportunity for Semantic Interoperability Experts", ["0000.html"]]], [["DC-2016 in Copenhagen, Oct 2016 - session on persistent identifiers?", ["0000.html"]], ["vhmml redirect pull request", ["0001.html"]], ["w3id.org help needed", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["New permanent URL for AutomationML Vocabulary", ["0006.html"]], ["Publishing new vocabularies - which resolver service", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Requesting w3id", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["A request to create a set of 4 redirects", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Fwd: Problems and Opportunities at purl.org", ["0001.html"]], ["Problems and Opportunities at purl.org", ["0022.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Rules.CSV format as alternative to htaccess", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0004.html"]], ["Top level .htaccess file", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Will your Community Group meet during TPAC 2016?", ["0015.html"]]], [["Problems and Opportunities at purl.org", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Request to add a redirect for \"BCI Ontology\"", ["0010.html"]]], [["W3C invites W3C Community Groups to meet at TPAC 2016", ["0000.html"]]], [["Problems and Opportunities at purl.org", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["New perma id pull requests", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Problems and Opportunities at purl.org", ["0028.html", "0025.html", "0022.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Problems and Opportunities at purl.org - a Dublin Core perspective", ["0023.html"]], ["Problems and Opportunities at purl.org [SEC=UNCLASSIFIED]", ["0021.html"]], ["Using W3id for more than just persistent/permanent identifiers?", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]]], [["New perma id pull requests", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Permanent URL", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["recommendations for persistent URL/resolver services?", ["0005.html"]], ["Would like to have purl", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["Request to add a redirect", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["HTTPS down?!", ["0002.html"]], ["w3id.org downtime post-mortem", ["0003.html"]], ["Website enhancements and complex htaccess", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Website enhancements and complex htaccess", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Idea: Travis-like testing of .htaccess?", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["redirection", ["0000.html"]]], [["redirection", ["0000.html"]]], [["Sustainability of purl.org", ["0000.html"]]], [["Link redirection to github location", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Link redirection to github location", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Rackspace downtime", ["0000.html"]]], [["people/kerfors", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Permanent Identifiers for the Web Project Launches", ["0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[via Permanent Identifier Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]]]