[[["[public-xmlsec-maintwg] <none>", ["0000.html"]]], [["C14n test case for non elements - ACTION-381, ISSUE-141", ["0000.html"]]], [["Fwd: W3C at Balisage 2009 (Conference Discount)", ["0000.html"]]], [["[widgets] blog post on recent Dig Sig spec", ["0000.html"]]], [["[Fwd: Invitation to the 3rd Remote XAdES Plugtest]", ["0000.html"]]], [["On policies", ["0000.html"]]], [["Invitation to 2nd and 3rd Remote XAdES Plugtest", ["0000.html"]]], [["[ACTION-16] ... proposal regarding use of transform that has parameter for passing xml model", ["0001.html"]], ["ACTION-166: Re-run tests with updated RNG schema", ["0000.html"]]], [["[fwd] Proposed Final Review of W3C TAG Finding \"Passwords in the Clear\" (from: orchard@pacificspirit.com)", ["0024.html"]], ["ACTION 167", ["0022.html", "0019.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-06-03 v2", ["0001.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-06-10", ["0009.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-06-17", ["0018.html"]], ["Best Practices comments", ["0023.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Best practices: time-stamps comments", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["C14n11 Potential Error in \"3.8 Document Subsets and XML Attributes\"", ["0021.html"]], ["Current state of XML DSig 2nd Ed -> RFC", ["0020.html"]], ["struggling through the cvs", ["0006.html"]], ["Updates for XMLDSIG and XMLENC pages", ["0000.html"]], ["Working Group Accomplishments and Thank You", ["0017.html"]], ["XML Signature RNG Schema - RNC schema correction", ["0010.html"]], ["XML Signature, Second Edition REC and Test Cases for C14N1.1 Note published", ["0016.html"]]], [["Additional XML Signature Second Edition and explanation draft updates", ["0018.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-05-06", ["0002.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-05-20", ["0027.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-05-20 v2", ["0029.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-06-03", ["0035.html"]], ["Best Practices - Denial of Services Tests", ["0025.html"]], ["Best Practices comments", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["Best Practices process", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0000.html"]], ["Best Practices Streaming Web services ....", ["0026.html"]], ["Best practices: time-stamps comments", ["0030.html"]], ["Comments and questions on EXI and its implications regarding XML signature", ["0003.html"]], ["Completed Best Practices editorial items", ["0028.html"]], ["Fwd: Links to [LDAP-DN] in section 4.4.4.1", ["0014.html"]], ["Fwd: XML Signature RNG Schema", ["0033.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["ISSUE-1: add Timestamp/Nonce material from Hal Lockhart to best practices", ["0024.html"]], ["Meeting minutes May 5, 2008", ["0013.html", "0008.html"]], ["Meeting record: XML Sec Weekly 2008-04-15", ["0006.html"]], ["Proposed final version of minutes for 2008-05-20 meeting", ["0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["References in XML Signature PER", ["0034.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0001.html"]], ["Review request for XMLHttpRequest", ["0004.html"]], ["XML Signature, 2nd Edition update - XSL reference", ["0023.html"]], ["XML Signature, Second Edition Editors Draft updated", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]]], [["[fwd] [Widgets] Widget DigSig request for comments (from: marcosscaceres@gmail.com)", ["0001.html"]], ["[fwd] The RELAX NG schema for XML-Signature (from: eb2m-mrt@asahi-net.or.jp)", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["[widgets] Digital Signatures (from: tlr@w3.org)", ["0006.html"]], ["ACTION-147: test case note ready", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-04-15", ["0008.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-04-15 v2", ["0016.html"]], ["Best Practices - Timestamps & Nonces", ["0021.html", "0018.html"]], ["Best Practices draft", ["0019.html"]], ["Best Practices process", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0026.html"]], ["Comments and questions on EXI and its implications regarding XML signature", ["0009.html"]], ["Comments from Norm Walsh on Relax NG - DSIG Schema", ["0027.html"]], ["Draft Minutes XML Security Specifications Maintenance Working Group Teleconference 01 Apr 2008", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Fwd: Best practices for Security", ["0007.html"]], ["References in XML Signature PER", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["Relax NG schema?", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0020.html"]], ["Updates for XMLDSIG and XMLENC pages", ["0032.html"]], ["Widgets 1.0: Digital Signature, FPWD comments", ["0028.html", "0022.html"]]], [["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-03-17", ["0004.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-03-17 v2", ["0005.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-04-01", ["0013.html"]], ["Draft minutes: xmlsec maint wg 2008-03-18", ["0007.html"]], ["draft-eastlake-additional-xmlsec-uris-00", ["0002.html"]], ["Please review: proposed FIPS reference changes for XML Signature, Second Edition", ["0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["WG extended to end of June", ["0010.html"]], ["XML Signature, Second Edition PER published", ["0012.html"]]], [["2008-02-19 draft minutes", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["[Moderator Action (size limit exceeded)] Test document reference formatting", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Action 145 followup", ["0034.html"]], ["Action Item about redistributing tests", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["ACTION-364: cert-related terminology", ["0003.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-02-05", ["0002.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-02-12", ["0005.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-02-19", ["0013.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-02-19 v2", ["0021.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-02-26", ["0024.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-02-26 v2", ["0030.html"]], ["chartering - external related work", ["0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0016.html"]], ["Draft Minutes from Feb 05, 2008 teleconference call", ["0004.html"]], ["Draft minutes: XML sec weekly 2008-02-12", ["0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Draft W3C TAG Finding \"Passwords in the Clear\" available for review", ["0019.html"]], ["Fwd: ACTION: 115 on EXI (II)", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes Feb. 26 2008", ["0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Minutes from today's call", ["0001.html"]], ["New version of testcase document", ["0011.html"]], ["Relative URIs in testcase document", ["0006.html"]], ["Request for review/feedback on XML 1.0 Fifth Edition", ["0020.html"]], ["testcases shortname", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["ACTION-133 completed", ["0017.html"]], ["ACTION-140: Propose language on defCan test cases", ["0046.html"]], ["ACTION: 115 on EXI (II)", ["0048.html"]], ["ACTION: 115 on EXI.", ["0049.html", "0047.html"]], ["ACTON 136", ["0042.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-01-08", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-01-08 v2", ["0011.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-01-15", ["0030.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-01-22", ["0035.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-01-29", ["0045.html"]], ["Belated introduction", ["0037.html"]], ["Charter decision next Tuesday", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Fwd: Transition Request: PR Request for Canonical XML 1.1", ["0003.html"]], ["keep defCon-legacy-1 in testcase document?", ["0036.html", "0031.html"]], ["meeting record: XML Sec weekly 2007-12-18", ["0018.html"]], ["Meeting record: xmlsec weekly 2008-01-08", ["0032.html"]], ["Suggested change to 3.2.5 in 3 Jan test case document", ["0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["test case document - editorial comments", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Test case document formatting request", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0013.html", "0009.html", "0005.html"]], ["Updated implementation report for c14n 1.1", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Upload of results of test cases 102 and 3-103", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Workshop on the Hard Problems of SOA", ["0033.html"]], ["XML Signature acknowlegements", ["0027.html"]], ["XML Signature interop inventory", ["0034.html"]]], [["[fwd] Updated (almost) PR-ready version of C14N 1.1 (from: pgrosso@ptc.com)", ["0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["ACTION-122 Draft Charter language", ["0022.html"]], ["ACTION-126: schema part 2 reference needs update (sorry...)", ["0032.html", "0030.html"]], ["ACTION-127: Propose change to charter draft that opens encryption, in a limited way", ["0031.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-12-04", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-12-11", ["0007.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-12-11 v2", ["0011.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-12-17", ["0024.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-12-17 (resend)", ["0020.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-12-18 v2", ["0021.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-12-18 v3", ["0025.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2008-01-08", ["0033.html"]], ["C14N 1.1 comment on Appendix A", ["0026.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["C14N 1.1 comment on change to wording in section 2.4", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["C14N 1.1 comment on xml:base fixup wording and example", ["0027.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["defCan-1", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Meeting record: 2007-12-11", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["test case document - editorial comments", ["0009.html"]], ["Updated c14n11 changes redline - undo xml:id changes to examples", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["XAdES v1.3.2 REMOTE INTEROPERABILITY EVENT", ["0023.html"]], ["XMLSec action Reminder - review XML Signature and Encryption Home pages", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]]], [["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-11-27", ["0022.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-11-27 v2", ["0024.html"]], ["Agenda: XMLSec WG Meetings 2007-11-08 and 2007-11-09 (v4)", ["0012.html"]], ["Checked in new version of interop test document", ["0028.html"]], ["Draft minutes: XMLsec weekly 2007-11-27", ["0025.html"]], ["draft-eastlake-additional-xmlsec-uris-00", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Fwd: v2 proposed changes to C14N11 (sections 2.4, 3.8, Appendix A and xml:id) - please review", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Initial stab at documentation of xmldsig-core changes", ["0011.html"]], ["Minutes for XML Core Nov 6 f2f morning (C14N 1.1)", ["0002.html"]], ["Proposal for changes to C14N11 related to XMLSec interop feedback", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Proposed changes to C14N11 red-line for sections 2.4, 3.8, Appendix A - please review", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Request for a new SignatureMethod Algorithm Identifier in RFC 4051", ["0010.html"]], ["Updated Proposal for changes to C14N11 related to XMLSec interop feedback", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0003.html"]], ["Updated XML Signature draft, pls review change", ["0018.html"]], ["v2 proposed changes to C14N11 (sections 2.4, 3.8, Appendix A and xml:id) - please review", ["0019.html"]], ["v3 proposed changes to C14N11 (sections 2.4, 3.8, Appendix A and xml:id)", ["0023.html"]], ["XML Signature 2.0 Strawman Proposal", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["[fwd] Appendix A of C14N 1.1 [was: Minutes for XML Core WG telcon of 2007 October 10] (from: pgrosso@ptc.com)", ["0006.html"]], ["[fwd] Interop meeting report (from: tlr@w3.org)", ["0000.html"]], ["Action 107: Send an email re test case 102", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["ACTION-81 completed", ["0024.html"]], ["ACTION-97 - Raise [] issue on public list [Fwd: RFC 2396 + RFC 2732 vs. RFC 3986 (XMLDSIG section 4.3.3.1)]", ["0003.html"]], ["ACTION-97 - Raise [] issue on public list [Fwd: RFC 2396 + RFC 2732 vs. RFC 3986 (XMLDSIG section 4.3.3.1)])", ["0036.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0010.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-10-09", ["0001.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-10-09 v2", ["0002.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-10-16", ["0004.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-10-16 v2", ["0005.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-10-23", ["0013.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-10-23 v2", ["0015.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-10-23 v3", ["0016.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-10-30", ["0025.html"]], ["Agenda: XMLSec WG Meetings 2007-11-08 and 2007-11-09 (v3)", ["0023.html"]], ["C14N 1.1 Appendix A [was: Minutes for XML Core WG telcon of 2007 October 24]]", ["0037.html"]], ["Editorial erratum in section 4.3.3.4", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Fwd: XML 1.0 and XML 1.1", ["0035.html"]], ["Initial stab at documentation of xmldsig-core changes", ["0009.html"]], ["Initial thoughts on chartering", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Initial thoughts on chartering -- removal of <SignedInfo> canonicalization", ["0033.html"]], ["Interop meeting report (from: pgrosso@ptc.com)", ["0026.html"]], ["Introduction: Shivaram Mysore", ["0022.html"]], ["joint XML Security and XML Core meeting during tech plenary", ["0012.html"]], ["Request for a new SignatureMethod Algorithm Identifier in RFC 4051", ["0032.html"]], ["Request for information on implementation choices with respect to 4.3.3.1 (URI attribute values in ds:References) and encoding", ["0034.html", "0027.html"]], ["Unnamed testcases", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0011.html"]], ["XML Signature document examples", ["0014.html"]]], [["2007-09-18 Draft agenda", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["[fwd] [Moderator Action] Need clarification on C14N 1.1 xml:base fixup (from: pratik.datta@oracle.com)", ["0027.html"]], ["ACTION-81 completed", ["0005.html"]], ["ACTION-88", ["0010.html"]], ["ACTION-90: Ensure that the inputs for both ,c14n11 test directories are the same", ["0016.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-09-11", ["0006.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-09-11 v2", ["0011.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-09-18", ["0013.html"]], ["Appologies: 2007-09-18 Draft MINUTES", ["0026.html"]], ["DName test cases", ["0015.html"]], ["Draft minutes 2007-09-04 (from: brich@us.ibm.com)", ["0008.html"]], ["Implementation reports requirements", ["0031.html"]], ["Interop open issues - status?", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Interop questions", ["0012.html"]], ["Minutes", ["0022.html"]], ["MITRE position paper", ["0009.html"]], ["More DName test suggestions", ["0021.html"]], ["Please ensure Public interop technical discussion", ["0018.html"]], ["Please prepare package with all test cases", ["0023.html"]], ["Public comment list for comments on XMLSec deliverables", ["0032.html"]], ["should action 65 be closed?", ["0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Some comments to what Bruce mentioned about the xml:base fixup ...", ["0014.html"]], ["Workshop accommodation details?", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["XPath expressions in digital signatures", ["0017.html"]], ["xpointer testcases", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]]], [["[fwd] Clarification sought re C14N11 (from: tlr@w3.org)", ["0058.html"]], ["Action-69: \"Ed Simon to Draft warning similar to that of section 7.2 of RFC 2253\"", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0005.html"]], ["ACTION-73: which xpointers are used and where, contact ebics etc", ["0008.html"]], ["ACTION-76 completed - clarify same-document reference, change URI reference", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["ACTION-77 completed - update C14N11 Algorithm URIs", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0010.html"]], ["ACTION-78 completed", ["0017.html"]], ["ACTION-79 completed, update editors draft for 4.3.3.1 and URI-Literal changes.", ["0042.html"]], ["ACTION-80 completed, update XML Signature examples", ["0053.html", "0050.html"]], ["added action for URI-Literal RFC 2732", ["0021.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-08-07 v2", ["0006.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-08-14", ["0025.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-08-14 v2", ["0038.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-08-21", ["0043.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-08-21 v2", ["0051.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-08-21 v3", ["0054.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-08-28", ["0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-09-04 (resend)", ["0066.html"]], ["AW: XML Signature - Request for clarification [Virus checked]", ["0030.html"]], ["C14N 1.1 Test Cases questions", ["0049.html"]], ["Clarification sought re C14N11", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["Comments on test case doc", ["0039.html"]], ["Comments on Test Cases, 5 August version, part 1", ["0031.html"]], ["Decryption Transform and same-document reference", ["0012.html"]], ["deprecating xpointer", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0040.html", "0037.html", "0018.html", "0009.html"]], ["Draft minutes 2007-08-14", ["0052.html"]], ["Examples in XML Signature draft", ["0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["Modified testcase document", ["0022.html"]], ["New version of interop document", ["0004.html"]], ["New version of the interop document with details of test cases", ["0003.html"]], ["Normative reference to URI spec", ["0007.html"]], ["Proposed change to XML Signature for RFC 2732 change - ACTION-79", ["0036.html", "0023.html"]], ["Revised XPointer xpointer() scheme discouragement", ["0045.html", "0041.html"]], ["talk about exclusive c14n in best practices doc?", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Updated editors draft of XML Signature, Second Edition", ["0063.html"]], ["updated XML Signature editors draft", ["0032.html"]], ["W3C XMLSec Minutes corrections for 7 Aug Teleconference", ["0024.html"]], ["XML Signature - Request for clarification [Virus checked]", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]]], [["ACTION 57. Starting document on test cases", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["ACTION-60", ["0005.html"]], ["ACTION-60)", ["0010.html", "0007.html"]], ["ACTION-62", ["0026.html"]], ["ACTION-63 done, see wiki", ["0025.html"]], ["ACTION-65: test cases for C14N with comments, scheme-based xpointers", ["0054.html"]], ["Action-69: \"Ed Simon to Draft warning similar to that of section 7.2 of RFC 2253\"", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0045.html", "0039.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-07-10", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-07-10 v2", ["0006.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-07-17", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-07-17 v2", ["0023.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-07-17 v3", ["0027.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-07-31", ["0034.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-07-31 v2", ["0038.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-07-31 v3", ["0052.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-08-07", ["0055.html"]], ["Draft minutes: XMLSEC weekly 2007-06-26", ["0000.html"]], ["Draft minutes: XMLSEC weekly 2007-07-10", ["0013.html"]], ["Draft minutes: XMLsec weekly 2007-07-17", ["0029.html"]], ["editor's draft updated (ACTION-64)", ["0031.html"]], ["Exclusive Canonicalization and XML Canonicalization 1.1", ["0014.html"]], ["Identifiers for XSLT 2.0 and XPath 2.0 in XML Signature spec", ["0015.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["intent to squat on xpointer() -- normative reference issue (ACTION-66)", ["0032.html", "0028.html"]], ["intent to squat on xpointer() -- normative reference issue(ACTION-66)", ["0036.html", "0033.html"]], ["intent to squat on xpointer() -- normative reference issue(ACTION-66) (from: pgrosso@ptc.com)", ["0035.html"]], ["New version of the interop document with details of test cases", ["0053.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Normative reference to URI spec", ["0030.html"]], ["position papers", ["0056.html"]], ["RFC 4514/2253 compatibility", ["0024.html"]], ["Section 4.4.4 proposed changes", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Trouble Ahead: Normative references to 2001 XPointer CR.", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["updated editor's draft", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0037.html"]], ["updated editors draft - section 6.1", ["0051.html"]]], [["[Fwd: Action 34: Verify that CR version of C14N11 has no conformance-affecting changes against http://www.w3.org/TR/2006/WD-xml-c14n11-20061220/]", ["0014.html"]], ["A question on attribute Type of ds:Reference and its potential relationship with attribute MimeType of ds:Object", ["0000.html"]], ["Action 43: to produce example for breakage due to current E01 language", ["0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["ACTION-36", ["0046.html", "0010.html"]], ["ACTION-36: closing action message.", ["0041.html"]], ["Action-41", ["0009.html", "0001.html"]], ["ACTION-49: C14n 1.1 Illustrate proposed changes by example", ["0065.html", "0028.html"]], ["Additional issue on RFC 2253 usage in relation with XMLSig: On the capability of the RFC2253 \"CN=Sam\"encoding form for identifying a Certificate.", ["0079.html", "0076.html", "0070.html", "0064.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Agenda: distributed meeting 2007-06-04", ["0003.html"]], ["Agenda: distributed meeting 2007-06-04 (v2)", ["0007.html"]], ["Agenda: distributed meeting 2007-06-12", ["0027.html", "0023.html"]], ["Agenda: distributed meeting 2007-06-12 (v2)", ["0025.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-06-19", ["0047.html", "0045.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-06-19 v2", ["0054.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-06-19 v3", ["0055.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-06-26", ["0072.html"]], ["Agenda: Distributed meeting 2007-06-26 v2", ["0078.html"]], ["C14N 1.1 Appendix Updated", ["0073.html"]], ["Clarifying the DN text", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["Clarifying the DN text (and III)", ["0020.html"]], ["DName space encoding", ["0051.html", "0044.html"]], ["DNAMES Section4.4.4.htm", ["0077.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0071.html", "0068.html"]], ["Draft minutes XMLSEC 2007-06-12", ["0038.html"]], ["Draft minutes: distributed meeting 2007-06-05", ["0022.html"]], ["E01: dname encoding rules proposal (ACTION-51)", ["0069.html", "0067.html", "0063.html", "0061.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0039.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["E01: dname encoding rules proposal (ACTION-51))", ["0037.html"]], ["Error in \"Decryption Transform for XML Signature\"", ["0006.html"]], ["Fwd: Request for Comments on Widget Signing Proposal", ["0017.html"]], ["Get test case for E01 / DName Issues", ["0040.html", "0036.html", "0011.html"]], ["Impact on XKMS of updates to XML Signature spec", ["0026.html", "0012.html"]], ["Minutes 19 Jun 2007", ["0066.html"]], ["On the capability of the RFC2253 \"CN=Sam\"encoding form for identifying a Certificate.", ["0030.html", "0024.html", "0021.html"]], ["Request for Comments on Widget Signing Proposal", ["0032.html"]], ["Review Konrad\\\\'s message re xml:base by next call", ["0035.html", "0031.html", "0029.html"]], ["RFC 2253 -> RFC 4514", ["0080.html"]], ["Updated editor's draft", ["0002.html"]]], [["[Fwd: C14N 1.1 CR draft [was: Agenda for XML Core WG telcon of 2007 May 9]]", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["ACTION-16: Look into workshop hosting", ["0021.html"]], ["ACTION-16: still ongoing", ["0020.html"]], ["ACTION-2", ["0001.html"]], ["ACTION-28 nothing to propose", ["0047.html"]], ["ACTION-31", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html"]], ["Agenda: distributed meeting 2007-05-22", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Agenda: distributed meeting 2007-05-22 (v2)", ["0034.html"]], ["Agenda: distributed meeting 2007-05-29", ["0046.html", "0043.html"]], ["Agenda: XMLSec WG distributed meeting 2 - 2007-05-15", ["0017.html"]], ["Agenda: XMLSec WG distributed meeting 2 - 2007-05-15 v2", ["0023.html"]], ["Agenda: XMLSec WG distributed meeting 2 - 2007-05-15 v3", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["C14N example", ["0018.html"]], ["C14N11 Issue and proposal: Clarify relationship of C14N11 to xml 1.1 and Xpath 2.0", ["0003.html"]], ["C14N11 Issue and proposal: Unclear handling of unspecified attributes in xml namespace", ["0002.html"]], ["C14N11 Red-line links, ACTION-25 completed", ["0028.html"]], ["Comments on Canonical XML 1.1 Draft", ["0000.html"]], ["DRAFT #1: Transition Request: CR Request for C14N 1.1 (Appendix)", ["0044.html"]], ["DRAFT #1: Transition Request: CR Request for C14N 1.1 (Appendix) (from: pgrosso@ptc.com)", ["0049.html"]], ["Draft minutes: 2007-05-29", ["0051.html"]], ["Draft minutes: face-to-face 2 May 2007", ["0012.html"]], ["Draft minutes: face-to-face 3 May 2007", ["0013.html"]], ["Draft minutes: XMLSEC weekly 2007-05-15", ["0027.html"]], ["Draft minutes: XMLSec weekly 2007-05-22", ["0039.html"]], ["ds:Reference Type Attribute [E05 XMLDsig Errata]", ["0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["editor's draft", ["0024.html", "0022.html", "0019.html"]], ["Feedback on C14N11 provided to XML Core WG", ["0010.html"]], ["Get test case for E01 / DName Issues", ["0052.html", "0050.html", "0048.html", "0041.html"]], ["Information on entering issues and bugzilla updated", ["0016.html"]], ["introduction: Aleksey Sanin", ["0033.html"]], ["Reminder: distributed xmlsec meeting 2007-05-29", ["0045.html"]], ["Updated editor's draft", ["0042.html", "0040.html", "0036.html"]], ["XMLSec comments and recommended changes to C14N11 specification (from: gmarcy@us.ibm.com)", ["0029.html"]], ["XPath usage in attribute values", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["xpath/c14n1[01] testcase", ["0009.html"]]], [["2-3 May 2007 F2F Agenda, v1", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["2-3 May 2007 F2F Agenda, v2", ["0006.html"]], ["2-3 May 2007 F2F Agenda, v3", ["0012.html"]], ["2-3 May 2007 F2F Agenda, v4", ["0014.html"]], ["Action http://www.w3.org/2007/04/17-xmlsec-minutes.html#action02: note on ETSI liaison", ["0013.html"]], ["Actions needed before F2F", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Draft Minutes: XML Sec Maint WG weekly 2007-04-17", ["0008.html"]], ["Introduction", ["0003.html"]], ["Introduction: Hal Lockhart", ["0002.html"]], ["Introduction: Juan Carlos Cruellas", ["0000.html"]], ["Introduction: Konrad Lanz", ["0007.html"]], ["XMLSec 17 April 2007 Teleconference Agenda", ["0001.html"]]], [["Introduction - Frederick Hirsch", ["0002.html"]], ["Introduction: Peter Lipp", ["0007.html"]], ["Introduction: Phillip Hallam-Baker", ["0006.html"]], ["Introduction: Sean Mullan", ["0005.html"]], ["Introduction: Thomas Roessler", ["0003.html"]], ["New Public mailing list - public-xmlsec-maintwg", ["0000.html"]], ["Welcome to the W3C XML Security Specifications Maintenance WG (and public mailing list)", ["0004.html", "0001.html"]]]]