[[["*missed scheduled call*", ["0002.html"]], ["Demo of signatu's tools", ["0001.html"]], ["Representation of GDPR rights", ["0000.html"]]], [["Agenda for call scheduled on 29-APR", ["0017.html"]], ["Agenda for call scheduled on Tue 15 APR", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["Demo of signatu's tools", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["DPV semantics: how to specify values?", ["0018.html", "0010.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Representation of GDPR rights", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0019.html"]], ["Scheduling a call for discussion", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["WoT Use-cases - let's do these for DPV!", ["0014.html"]]], [["Change meeting call frequency given sparse participation", ["0000.html"]], ["DPV typo: credit is repeated twice in spec/fig 1 missing", ["0001.html"]], ["Expanding DPV to more global privacy laws", ["0005.html"]], ["Legal basis for transfer of personal data from the EU to outside the EU", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["Agenda for today's DPVCG Call", ["0005.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Editor's note in the spec", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Seeking volunteers for working on Primer Document", ["0000.html"]]], [["ACTION-132: data subject rights as state transition diagram", ["0001.html"]], ["Agenda for Meeting Call 21-JAN", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Agenda for Meeting Call 7-JAN", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Seeking volunteers for working on Primer Document", ["0007.html"]]], [["Adopters of DPV", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Agenda for today's DPVCG call", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["agenda+ The future of the DPVCG", ["0000.html"]], ["Change of chairs", ["0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["Data Protection Aspects of Online Shopping \u2013 A Use Case [via Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group]", ["0006.html"]], ["issue or confused found in the RDF/ontology", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0005.html"]], ["Seeking volunteers for working on Primer Document", ["0014.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Use Case Description to close Action 130", ["0004.html"]]], [["Agenda for tomorrow's DPVCG call", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["agenda+ The future of the DPVCG", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html"]], ["dpv vocabulary updated", ["0022.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-135: Will make a formal proposal for an extension/modification in this direction.", ["0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-136: Remind bert to approve both last meetings' minutes next time (26 november)", ["0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-137: Apply harsh's patch to the html and rdf and republish, due 2019-11-28", ["0019.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-138: Add a link to the spreadsheet to the wiki, for safekeeping.", ["0020.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-28: Include a way to indicate PII (Personally Identifiable Information)", ["0010.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-29: Issue in RDF/Ontology: Organise is a subClass of itself", ["0011.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-30: Issue in RDF/Ontology: conflicting definitions of terms", ["0012.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-31: Add rdfs:labels to terms in RDF/Ontology", ["0013.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-32: How to resolve conflicting definitions when adopting the DPV vocabulary?", ["0014.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-33: The categorisation of Pseudoanonymisation and Encryption is not (semantically) correct", ["0015.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-34: Is the ontology actually modular? Can its individual 'components' be reused?", ["0016.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-35: Add parent class information to documentation", ["0017.html"]], ["dpvcg-ISSUE-36: Generic document explaining the vocabulary for non-technical audiences", ["0018.html"]], ["Use Case Description to close Action 130", ["0026.html"]]], [["[minutes] 2019-10-15 dpvcg", ["0011.html"]], ["agenda for today's DPVCG call", ["0008.html"]], ["agenda for tomorrow's DPVCG call", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Content Negotiation error in Protege", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-132: Try with eva to come up with a proposal to represent gdpr rights by the end of november.", ["0009.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-133: Fix the extra space in \"dpv-nace: nace-code.\" in section 5", ["0010.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-134: Convert feedback from the spreadsheet into raised issues", ["0015.html"]], ["Overlap?", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Proposed Attachment for Issue 16 (Consent Receipt)", ["0016.html"]], ["Today's meeting cancelled/postponed due to no participants?", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Two vocabularies [via Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group]", ["0002.html"]]], [["[DPVCG] Offer to make PhD in Madrid", ["0011.html"]], ["ACTION-11 - closed", ["0024.html"]], ["DPVCG call today - Please try to call in, as this call shall re-initiate our work after the summer break!", ["0010.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["DPVCG call today, agenda", ["0021.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-123: Advertise dpvcg at mydata and send it to the mydata global list.", ["0002.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-124: Look for an open space in the mydata program to advertise the vocabulary", ["0003.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-125: Advertise at semantics.", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0004.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-126: Ask bert to update the cgwebpage to advertise the drafts more prominently.", ["0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-127: Ask simon steyskal are your comments still open on the spec", ["0026.html", "0023.html", "0006.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-128: Will try to recollect all the inputs and (not-)addressed issues in the spec.", ["0007.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-129: Check in the next telcos, whethrer we're on track for that timplan.", ["0008.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-130: Discuss with eva to start a use case document?", ["0009.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-131: Contact jan lindquis and inform them about the process how to suggest terms, i.e. ask them for a coherent proposal to extend our voacbulary to include their terms and let us know which ones are missing or where are the overlaps.", ["0022.html"]], ["Feedback collection sheet", ["0013.html"]], ["https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/126)", ["0025.html"]], ["W3C DPV - Events", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]]], [["comments by martin", ["0000.html"]], ["DPVCG call today", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Paper accepted for presentation at ODBASE 2019", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["\"registered\" our namespace on prefix.cc", ["0011.html"]], ["[ANN] Data Privacy Vocabulary v0.1 - DPVCG Draft Community Group Report 26 July 2019", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["comments by martin", ["0038.html"]], ["dpv:HouseOwned", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["more comments on the spec...", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["ODBASE paper - draft", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0019.html"]], ["ODBASE'19 - deadline extended to 25th July", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["ODBASE'19 - deadline extended to 25th July)", ["0012.html"]], ["Ris: some more comments on the paper drtaft and spec", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["some more comments on the p", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["some more comments on the paper drtaft and spec", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["The Core Person Vocabulary of the EC", ["0010.html"]]], [["Agenda DPVCG telco 4 June 16:00 CEST", ["0001.html"]], ["Agenda tomorrow: vote to publish (and regrets from my side)", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["dpv:HouseOwned", ["0036.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-111: Generate the separate rdf files per namespace.", ["0017.html", "0003.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-112: Review spec and reflection of issues in the spec on next tue", ["0004.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-113: Together with harsh check comments in spreadsheets (drive-comments and 'comments' column) and how they are reflected in the generated spec", ["0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-114: Make a concrete proposal along specification of data controller categories by sector in the spec.", ["0007.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-115: Sends out an email with pointer to the reviewable spec and rdf files by the end of the week to the list for insternal review.", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0008.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-116: Review draft spec to be sent by harsh later this week.", ["0012.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-117: Review draft spec to be sent by harsh later this week.", ["0013.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-118: Review draft spec to be sent by harsh later this week.", ["0014.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-119: Review draft spec to be sent by harsh later this week.", ["0015.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-120: Update the document according to today's agreement.", ["0026.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-121: Clean up/restructure the github repository according to today's agreement.", ["0031.html", "0027.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-122: Send a pull request to harsh_ with minor fixes (typos, full names)", ["0028.html"]], ["formal vote to publish draft?", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Fwd: dpvcg-ACTION-93: Drive discussion on recipients, data controllers, data subjects forward", ["0002.html"]], ["ISSUE-22: We ask for particular feedback on whether and how to extend the list/taxonomy of controllers and recipients in the current vocabulary.", ["0006.html"]], ["ISSUE-23: Should we add more subclasses to communicationrecording (e.g. distinguishing chats, personalmessaging, videocommunication, telephony, etc.) and which ones?", ["0009.html"]], ["ISSUE-24: Should we add more specific subclasses like countryofcitizenship, countryofresidence, countryofcurrentlocation to country and which ones?", ["0010.html"]], ["ISSUE-25: Should we explicitly note that the the controller is always a recipient of the data, if not, do we need to make this explicit inth vocabulary, by declaring it?", ["0011.html"]], ["ISSUE-26: Describe use-cases and examples showing how the vocabulary should be or can be used", ["0024.html"]], ["ISSUE-27: Discuss accompanying primer document", ["0025.html"]], ["Request discussion of items in agenda", ["0000.html"]]], [["ACTION-98", ["0019.html"]], ["Actions done for today's call", ["0001.html"]], ["Agenda DPVCG 7 May", ["0002.html"]], ["Agenda next DPVCG call *23 May*, 16:00 CEST", ["0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["DPVCG call today", ["0000.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-103: Close actions to be closed as per https://lists.w3.org/archives/public/public-dpvcg/2019may/0001.html", ["0003.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-104: Discuss with axel to make sure issues are reflected in fpwd", ["0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-105: Remove duplicate top-level classes from subsheets.", ["0006.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-106: Change isderived to a class", ["0008.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-107: Coordinate with bert and harsh, where to place the namespace documents, e.g. dpv-nace", ["0020.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-108: Define location for namespace documents", ["0021.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-109: Check with harsh whether/how the script have a way to display the \"comments\" column as issues to be discussed in the spec generation?", ["0026.html", "0022.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-110: Review comments on personaldatacategory descriptions and see whether we need to discuss, request any specific comments.. on any of them", ["0024.html"]], ["DPVCG: vocab questions", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["Happy Privmas Eve - and 1 year DPV anniversary", ["0017.html"]], ["ISSUE-19: Do we need a generic mechanism to describe conditions, constraints and restrcitions to a specific processing or data category or can we re-use odrl's mechanism?", ["0004.html"]], ["ISSUE-20: How to express sensity of data?", ["0007.html"]], ["ISSUE-21: Ask for specific feedback on (un)ambiguity of the term descriptions", ["0023.html"]], ["next Telco", ["0027.html"]], ["PETS pre-event PUT 2019 - please help to distribute the Call for Posters, Demos, Presentations", ["0025.html"]], ["rdfs:Resource for undefined range in properties", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]]], [["ACTION-83 + ACTION-85 status (technicalorgameasures)", ["0104.html"]], ["ACTION-84 and ACTION-92", ["0108.html"]], ["ACTION-89", ["0103.html", "0098.html"]], ["ACTION-97", ["0106.html"]], ["ACTION-97 (was: ACTION-89)", ["0099.html"]], ["ACTION-98", ["0100.html"]], ["ConsentReceipt: ULD slides for F2F meeting", ["0017.html"]], ["DPVCG call tomorrow", ["0110.html", "0109.html", "0107.html", "0105.html", "0101.html"]], ["DPVCG call tomorrow)", ["0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-100: Find urls for gdpr articles.", ["0069.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0061.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-101: Check after next telco, which terms relate how to special vocabularies (initially link them with rdfs:seealso", ["0062.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-102: Copy definitions for storagelocation and storageduration from special for now.", ["0063.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-66: Look into structuring processing categories, ramisa, bud, eva to help/review.", ["0035.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-78: Tell us which sessions she plans to join.", ["0008.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-79: Discuss with harsh how/whether to use github as a template.", ["0009.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-80: Prepare a templte for the spreadsheet.", ["0010.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-81: Put internet scope/wider scope on the agenda tomorrow.", ["0031.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-82: Compile the owl file for the nace r2 codes.", ["0034.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-83: (with the help/review) of axel, put results of the technicalorganisationalmeasures session to thespreadsheet", ["0037.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-84: Create a first version of personal data complete ontology.", ["0040.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-85: Create first version of complete technicalorgameasures", ["0041.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-86: Clean first complete version of legal basis", ["0042.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-87: Make a proposal alternatively use gics instead of nace.", ["0043.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-88: Put list of processing types into processing vocab on spreadsheet, merge with spcial terms, add descriptions.", ["0047.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-89: Finish base ontology by next call (within 2 weeks)", ["0048.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-90: Finish technical organisational measures part in the spreadsheet by next call", ["0049.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-91: Provide his conversion of nace as rdfs/owl", ["0050.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-92: Finish personal data categories and transfer what we agreed upon to the spreadsheet.", ["0051.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-93: Drive discussion on recipients, data controllers, data subjects forward", ["0052.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-94: Finish purposes.", ["0053.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-95: Complete legal basis", ["0054.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-96: Consolidate consent part.", ["0055.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-97: Define a process to get from spreadsheets to spec.", ["0056.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-98: Define process for feedback in spec document.", ["0057.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-99: Look into where to publish our cg spec, and how to redirect from the namespace doc to the spec.", ["0058.html"]], ["explicit consent according to the GDPR", ["0038.html"]], ["FIHR - GDPR dev/approach.", ["0045.html"]], ["Fwd: dpvcg-ACTION-68: consent elements", ["0033.html"]], ["Irish DPA - Guidance on Processing /Risk", ["0046.html"]], ["ISSUE-13: Decide later whether we need sub-namespaces for different subtaxonomies", ["0030.html"]], ["ISSUE-14: We may want to add a non-normative comment in the spec that/how the taxonomy can be used as skos.", ["0032.html"]], ["ISSUE-15: Personal data cateories collected might be collected in an approximate manner (e.g. age vs. age range), should we provide a mechanism in the vocabulary to distinguish this?", ["0039.html"]], ["ISSUE-16: Do we need to further structure consent notice?", ["0044.html"]], ["ISSUE-17: Do we need further temporal annotations for the personal data handling class?", ["0059.html"]], ["ISSUE-18: Do we need further temporal annotations for the personal data handling class?", ["0060.html"]], ["Item of Interest - Relevant to Consent Discussion", ["0096.html"]], ["Item of Interest: Security Measures, Organisational and Technical Measures", ["0097.html"]], ["No telcon today)", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ontology \"population\" template for tomorrow...", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["structure form to consolidate taxonomies", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Taxonomy of legal 6bases", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0019.html", "0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["Taxonomy of legal bases", ["0102.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0064.html", "0005.html"]], ["Telcon Today agenda", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0036.html"]]], [["DPVCG telcon postponed to *next week* (19 Mar)", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-34 more/alternate data categories from Panoptykon", ["0030.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-66: Look into structuring processing categories, ramisa, bud, eva to help/review.", ["0000.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-68: consent elements", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-73: Polish the minutes from last call.", ["0021.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-74: Polish the minutes from last call.", ["0022.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-75: Send information about dublin: hotels, transport, etc. for f2f", ["0023.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-76: Map all closed and pending review actions to the respective edoitors/responsibles of parts ofg our taxonomy.", ["0024.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-77: Set up a doodle to collect points and actions to be discussed at the f2f (and possibly name someone present willing to present/discuss there)?", ["0028.html", "0025.html"]], ["Dudle for ftf", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["ISSUE-11: Taxonomies on storrage locations and restrictions as well as security measues and restrictions still undefined.", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["No telcon today", ["0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["No telcon today)", ["0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["regrets for today's DPVCG call", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Reminder: DPVCG call today", ["0020.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["URGENT: F2F meeting Dublin or Vienna? 4&5th", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0001.html"]], ["With regard to storage periods and Action No. 60", ["0019.html"]]], [["ACTION-68 ... can you review?", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0039.html"]], ["DPVCG call 12 February, 14:00 CET - Agenda", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["DPVCG call 26 February, 14:00 CET - Agenda", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["DPVCG call 26 February, 16:00(!) CET - Agenda", ["0035.html", "0031.html"]], ["DPVCG personal data categories from EnterPrivacy", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-62: Write an email to michael markevich on action-6 and whether he still plans to join", ["0009.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-63: Set up doodle preferred dates for f2f in second half of march or first half of april", ["0012.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-64: Reach out to enterprivacy.com on whether we can use their categories as a starting point, check license, and invite them to our working group.", ["0014.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-65: And bud to further elaborate on legal grounds taxonomy", ["0016.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-66: Look into structuring processing categories, ramisa, bud, eva to help/review.", ["0034.html", "0025.html", "0017.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-67: Look into data controllers and recipients taxonomy with help of piero, axel", ["0018.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-68: Looking into consent elements and types with help of mark", ["0026.html", "0019.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-69: Report on eic conference next time", ["0021.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-70: Check back with owners which actions are ready for review and discussion in the call", ["0037.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-71: Review action-68 with the help of eva", ["0038.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-72: Propose a mechanism to add provenance information for elements in our taxonomy", ["0040.html"]], ["Dudle for ftf", ["0041.html"]], ["ISSUE-10: Are there mappings to gics from other coding systems naics/nace/isic ...", ["0015.html"]], ["ISSUE-11: Taxonomies on storrage locations and restrictions as well as security measues and restrictions still undefined.", ["0020.html"]], ["ISSUE-12: Shall we get back to action-6, action-11, action-19, action-27 (closed without news)", ["0036.html"]], ["No call today?", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Ontologies added to Github", ["0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Regarding open action no 59", ["0008.html"]]], [["[minutes] 2019-01-22 dpvcg", ["0015.html"]], ["Action 50: Slides", ["0003.html"]], ["Action 51: Slides", ["0004.html"]], ["Agenda DPVCG telcon 2019-01-22", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Agenda for tomorrow's DPVCG call", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-58: Look at iab europe consent framework", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-59: Send mail to list with the criteria for data protection assessment from edpb", ["0011.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-60: Look at use cases in the wiki to see if one matches the deletion rules ideas eva posted (especially deletion depending on an event or purpose rather than a fixed period)", ["0013.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-61: Schedule webex for 12 feb 14:00", ["0014.html"]], ["Fwd: Action 50: Slides", ["0002.html"]], ["ISSUE-9: Where are categories of data controllers used, where are they useful? (cf. recital 98, 99, 100)", ["0012.html"]], ["Shared notes on Work Overview", ["0006.html"]]], [["Aftermath of vienna meeting: Compiled slides attached", ["0036.html"]], ["Categories of Personal Data", ["0022.html"]], ["Consent Vocabulary (work in progress)", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Data Processing categorisation", ["0024.html"]], ["Data Purposes", ["0053.html", "0050.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0041.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0026.html"]], ["Data Security", ["0025.html"]], ["Data Storage Locations", ["0023.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-42: Look into requirements of data protection assessment, and whether it would make sense to formalize that in terms of what we standardize", ["0001.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-43: Have a look a study on aal that might help us", ["0002.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-44: List purposes from taxonomy in a table and structure them by source, definition, legal basis (cf. flipchart)", ["0003.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-45: Prepare an agenda for next week.", ["0004.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-46: Post-process minutesof f2f and check wherther all actions have been recorded", ["0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-47: Invite, set agenda for a dpvcg teleconference on 11 december", ["0006.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-48: Look into classifications of organisations that could serve as a basis for clsssifying data controllers", ["0021.html", "0007.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-49: Put ms visio picture of usage policy on the wiki", ["0010.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-50: Suggest a new hierarchy of the usage policy diagram and integrate into the presentation of tuesday 11", ["0011.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-51: Prepare a presentation for next dpvcg telco on 11 december", ["0012.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-52: Ask bert about w3c github repository action from august and create a github under w3c for dpvcg", ["0013.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-53: Together with harsh, fajar, javier start on a base ontology, suggest a namespace, etc. and start populate the sub-taxonomies, agree on language to model it.", ["0030.html", "0028.html", "0020.html", "0014.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-54: Send a compiled version of the slides shown (as for storage)", ["0015.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-55: Look into how to align special duration vocab with \u201cdeletion-ideas\u201d from eva\u2019s slide (e.g. include no-retention, deleted-by, etc.) in our vocabulary", ["0016.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-56: And bert to collect actions and emails to be discussed in subsequent calls", ["0048.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-57: Start definitionsions of the high-level purposes at https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/purposes_for_handling_personal_data#high-level_categories_.28to-be-discussed.29 and map them to purposes collected from use cases", ["0049.html"]], ["Fwd: Minutes from the F2F meeting", ["0042.html"]], ["GDPR Core Vocabularies are Published", ["0000.html"]], ["ISSUE-5: Shall we extend the scope of the group to machinge-readable requests to execute rights accroding to eva\u2019s classification of rights", ["0008.html"]], ["ISSUE-6: Should our taxonomy include a distinction/modeling of data subjects to whom gdpr applies (eu citizens and/or locatedin eu)", ["0009.html"]], ["ISSUE-7: Are the legal grounds except consent and legitimate interest actualy purposes?", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0044.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0037.html"]], ["ISSUE-8: How do we describe unions and intersections of purposes, how doe we describe any vs some \u201csub\u201dpurpose", ["0054.html", "0052.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0038.html"]], ["Minutes of the 2018-12-11 Teleconference", ["0051.html"]], ["Telco 11.12. 16:00", ["0032.html", "0027.html"]]], [["AGENDA for the F2F meeting 3+4 December 2018", ["0045.html"]], ["Agenda for tomorrow's DPVCG call", ["0036.html", "0029.html"]], ["Agenda for tomorrow's DPVCG call and some thoughts on strategy ahead", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Categorisation of Personal Data", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-31: Contact michael markevich on action-6", ["0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-32: (and rigo) to summarize the discussion for legitmation of data processing and come up with a first proposal of categories", ["0006.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-33: Summarize elements of consent from the mails and align with mark lizar on \"concent receipt\" definition (e.g. on delegation)", ["0007.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-34: Start structuring categories of personal data and involved dimensions together with elmar and harsh, mark", ["0008.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-35: Add previous classifications to subpages of https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/taxonomy", ["0009.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-36: Add points 1.-6. from https://lists.w3.org/archives/public/public-dpvcg/2018nov/0000.html to https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/special/proximus_use_case", ["0010.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-37: Add points 1.-6. from https://lists.w3.org/archives/public/public-dpvcg/2018nov/0000.html to https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/special/tr_use_case", ["0011.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-38: Add points 1.-6. from https://lists.w3.org/archives/public/public-dpvcg/2018nov/0000.html to https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/decode/dec01_use_case - https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/decode/dec03_use_case", ["0012.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-39: Add points 1.-6. from https://lists.w3.org/archives/public/public-dpvcg/2018nov/0000.html to https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/ownyourdata/data_donation", ["0028.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0013.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-40: Create a wiki page for the agenda for the f2f meeting", ["0031.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-41: Send email with suggested timing for the agenda as talked about during the last dpvcg call", ["0032.html"]], ["GDPR Core Vocabularies are Published", ["0046.html"]], ["Initial taxonomy of legal grounds for processing and more", ["0030.html"]], ["Lawfulness of processing", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Minutes of the 2018-11-20 call", ["0042.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Minutes of the 2018-11-20 call)", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0041.html"]], ["Using media published by DPC as source for terms", ["0025.html"]], ["Wiki page for F2F Vienna Agenda", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0035.html"]]], [["Added terms from vocabularies to Taxonomy section", ["0041.html"]], ["Agenda for coming Tueday's DPVCG call", ["0026.html", "0023.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Competency Questions for Consent", ["0038.html"]], ["Definitions", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0004.html"]], ["DPVCG telephone conference cancelled this week, next Telco: *October 16th*", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-26: Look over the use cases template to reflect better what we agreed upon as requirements/priorities last time.", ["0018.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-27: Put discussion on new use cases on the agenda", ["0019.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-28: Propose competence questions on what consent comprises", ["0021.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-29: Put review of issues list and starting time on the agenda template (note to self)", ["0022.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-30: Send a doodle poll over the list for f2f", ["0024.html"]], ["Elements/Properties of Consent", ["0040.html", "0032.html", "0025.html"]], ["Elements/Properties of Consent, relates to ISSUE-4", ["0030.html"]], ["EU project - Supporting European Experts Contribution To International ICT Standardisation Activities", ["0017.html"]], ["F2F meeting DPVCG doodle", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["Input public entities use case, relates to: dpvcg-ACTION-20", ["0031.html"]], ["ISSUE-4: What are the elements of consent? starting from \"onsent = agreement through an [affirmative action] at a specific [time] with a [data controller] to specific [processing] and [storage] of specific [data categories] for specific [purpose] and [duration]\"", ["0020.html"]], ["Lawfulness of processing", ["0039.html", "0037.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["minutes from DPVCG call", ["0042.html"]], ["Next telco", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]]], [["[minutes] 2018-09-04 dpvcg", ["0008.html"]], ["[minutes] 2018-09-18 dpvcg", ["0016.html"]], ["Agenda for today's DPVCG call", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["DPVCG next call(s))", ["0004.html", "0000.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-18: Explore list of mydata use cases.", ["0001.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-19: Contact digi.me again for a more detailed use case description", ["0002.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-20: Proposes use case about public entities handling personal data", ["0003.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-21: Talk to eva to get in touch with bdva about a session slot in the european bid data value forum.", ["0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-22: Ask around whether decode is willing to participate in bdva-forum", ["0006.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-23: And axel tallk about refining the schedule/scope of the group and come back with a proposal how to order the input collected so far", ["0007.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-24: Formulate a use case to exemplify what i proposed today :-) (categorization along the categories and terminology we agreed upon today)", ["0014.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-25: create a section about different terms on the wiki", ["0015.html"]], ["ISSUE-2: Do we need to formulate a notion of compliance in scope of the cg?", ["0012.html"]], ["ISSUE-3: Do we want to revisit a definition of \"gdpr rights\" in our definitions and taxonomies?", ["0013.html"]], ["Listing terms/concepts from vocabularies", ["0009.html"]]], [["Added vocabulary: PrOnto", ["0043.html"]], ["Are there any concerns about using ODRL to model Consent?", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Are there any concerns about using ODRL to model Consent?)", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["DPVCG - second call 2018 August 7, 16:00 CEST", ["0007.html", "0000.html"]], ["DPVCG - second call 2018 August 7, 16:00 CEST)", ["0008.html"]], ["DPVCG next call(s)", ["0042.html"]], ["DPVCG next call(s) (was: Minutes telcon 21 Aug 2018)", ["0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["DPVCG teleconference 21 August, 16:00 Europe/Paris", ["0035.html", "0033.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-10: Organize a call later on 30th after the mydata session or on friday morning to sync with people jooining through the conference.... will contact organizers.", ["0010.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-11: Reach out to industrial data spaces project (germany) and another austrian big data project (dma).", ["0011.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-12: Look over requirements template", ["0013.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-13: Propose use case(s) for the decode project", ["0012.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-14: Ask hendrik for edition ieee 7012", ["0014.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-15: look over use cases template", ["0016.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-16: Talk to joss about mydata open space session and maybe try to pre-fix a slot.", ["0036.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-17: Try to modify the rquirements teamplate and instantiate it for some of the items on https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/use-cases,_requirements,_vocabularies", ["0037.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-3: Clarify which github space we can use W3C's github space or if we need something else", ["0001.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-4: Draft a page afor ORDL", ["0002.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-5: Draft a page about GDPRtext", ["0004.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-6: Draft something about Opera use case(s)", ["0003.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-7: Add some overview of SPECIAL use case(s)", ["0005.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-8: Add some more starting point vocabulary stubs", ["0006.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-9: Include links to irc and minutes into the agenda next time", ["0009.html"]], ["ISSUE-1: Timeline/schedule, when should we stop collecting additional use cases?", ["0038.html"]], ["Minutes telcon 21 Aug 2018", ["0039.html"]], ["Minutes telcon 7 Aug 2018", ["0015.html"]], ["P3P vocabulary", ["0021.html"]], ["Regarding the template for requirements in the DPVCG wiki", ["0018.html"]], ["Regarding the template for Use Cases in the DPVCG wiki", ["0020.html", "0017.html"]], ["Update to Wiki", ["0019.html"]], ["Update to Wiki: SPECIAL", ["0034.html"]], ["we start an open space on standards at MyData in 5minutes...", ["0044.html"]]], [["Adding use-cases to the wiki", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["DPVCG - first call", ["0001.html"]], ["DPVCG - first call)", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["DPVCG first call (was: Welcome to the W3C DPVCG - date poll for a first sync call in July)", ["0000.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-1: [TEST - IGNORE]", ["0009.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-2: [test - ignore yet again]", ["0011.html"]], ["dpvcg-ACTION-:", ["0010.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Minutes 2018-07-23 telcon", ["0008.html"]]], [["Welcome to the W3C DPVCG - date poll for a first sync call in July", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Join the W3C Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group (DPVCG) - launched today!", ["0000.html"]]]]