[[["[minutes] TV Control WG Call - 2017-05-02", ["0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by chrisn", ["0005.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by stevem-tw", ["0008.html", "0004.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Added contributors to Acknowledgements section", ["0003.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Fix license", ["0001.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Update SOTD section to note work on the document has been discontinuated", ["0007.html"]], ["Rejected: Proposed Charter for TV Control Working Group; TV Control Working Group now closed", ["0006.html"]], ["Steps to transition the spec in case of WG closure", ["0002.html"]], ["TV Control API published as final Working Group Note", ["0010.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG Call - 2017-04-04", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Abstract indicates IPTV is supported", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, May 2 2017", ["0007.html"]], ["On-going call for review for the TV Control WG", ["0004.html"]], ["TV Control API Specification - Clarification", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG - 2017-03-07", ["0005.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Abstract indicates IPTV is supported", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0029.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Alternative media on second screen devices", ["0049.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Alternative media support", ["0048.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Api rework", ["0011.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] declarations in section 6.5.1 (20170316 version) are wrong", ["0040.html", "0034.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Drop `-ed` suffix in all event names", ["0013.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Legal requirements for accessibility", ["0050.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by stevem-tw", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0010.html", "0007.html", "0003.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Api rework", ["0006.html", "0002.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Updated SOTD to mention main changes since FPWD", ["0021.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Various editorial fixes on term definitions and references", ["0020.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Reference the Media Accessibility User Requirements (MAUR)", ["0051.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Rename \"interface\" to \"dictionary\" in section headers", ["0008.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] The `TVSourceSupportedConstraints` dictionary is not used", ["0039.html", "0031.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] TVManager *RecordingSize attributes should specify units", ["0019.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Use of TVSourceConstraints", ["0037.html", "0033.html"]], ["Call for consensus: publish a new Working Draft", ["0022.html", "0014.html"]], ["Call for consensus: publish a new Working Draft)", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] Drop `-ed` suffix in all event names", ["0012.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] Rename \"interface\" to \"dictionary\" in section headers", ["0009.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] TVManager *RecordingSize attributes should specify units", ["0018.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] Use of TVSourceConstraints", ["0038.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, April 4 2017", ["0054.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, March 7 2017", ["0004.html", "0001.html"]], ["Follow up with ATSC", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["HbbTV liaison reply", ["0015.html"]], ["Proposed Charter for the TV Control Working Group (Call for Review); Charter extended during review", ["0027.html"]], ["Rechartering the TV Control Working Group", ["0000.html"]], ["TV Remote Control Comments from APA", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0043.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG call - 2017-02-07", ["0015.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] API surface and REST-based approach", ["0016.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Drop `-ed` suffix in all event names", ["0011.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by stevem-tw", ["0018.html", "0007.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: APIs have been reworked based on discussions in issue #4", ["0006.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Further API rework based on received comments.", ["0017.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Rename \"interface\" to \"dictionary\" in section headers", ["0010.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Timestamp data types and HTMLMediaElement currentTime", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Use DOMTimeStamp type for date and time values", ["0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Why retrieve a list of tuners instead of just one tuner?", ["0014.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0002.html"]], ["ATSC liaison reply", ["0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, February 7 2017", ["0013.html"]], ["Rechartering the TV Control Working Group", ["0021.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG call - 2017-01-10", ["0003.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] multiple currentSources and currentChannel", ["0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by stevem-tw", ["0021.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Why retrieve a list of tuners instead of just one tuner?", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0001.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, January 10 2017", ["0002.html"]], ["DVB and HbbTV liaison", ["0004.html"]], ["Rechartering the TV Control Working Group", ["0020.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG call - 2016-12-13", ["0032.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] API surface and REST-based approach", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Channel scanning", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Channel#nextEvent and onCurrentEventChanged missing", ["0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] multiple currentSources and currentChannel", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0016.html", "0012.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Use DOMTimeStamp type for date and time values", ["0004.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Support for do-it-now stream events", ["0011.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] TVChannel#isFree?", ["0009.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] TVProgram#rating ?", ["0014.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Use DOMTimeStamp type for date and time values", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Why retrieve a list of tuners instead of just one tuner?", ["0033.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions (Update): TV Control API Specification", ["0034.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] TVChannel#isFree?", ["0008.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] TVProgram#rating ?", ["0013.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, December 13 2016", ["0026.html"]], ["HbbTV liaison draft", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Rechartering the TV Control Working Group", ["0028.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Thoughts on the TVTuner class in the source-centric API", ["0029.html", "0027.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0010.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control call - 2016-11-15", ["0045.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Access to parental control methods", ["0059.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Add examples to specification", ["0001.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Allow channel selection from tuning parameters", ["0046.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] ambiguous parameter set in TVAddRecordingOptions", ["0069.html", "0047.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] API surface and REST-based approach", ["0068.html", "0006.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Channel scanning", ["0020.html", "0010.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Channel#nextEvent and onCurrentEventChanged missing", ["0049.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Component Discovery and Selection", ["0054.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Configurations from use cases", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Decryption of encrypted channels", ["0021.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Device capabilities", ["0042.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] DVBChannelAttributes onid", ["0063.html", "0057.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Interface to \"applications\" / data components", ["0043.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Mapping of properties to service information", ["0060.html", "0048.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Mappings to media delivery formats and protocols", ["0062.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] multiple currentSources and currentChannel", ["0064.html", "0051.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by stevem-tw", ["0044.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0017.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Overlap between Media Recorder and Recorder APIs in TV Control", ["0003.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Parallel with WebRTC model", ["0002.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Parental control PIN mechanism", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0025.html", "0016.html", "0005.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Privacy issues and API design", ["0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Spec converted to WebIDL contiguous mode (automatic conversion)", ["0018.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Support for do-it-now stream events", ["0052.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] TVChannel#isFree?", ["0067.html", "0065.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0053.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] TVManager *RecordingSize attributes should specify units", ["0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] TVProgram#rating ?", ["0066.html", "0050.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Why retrieve a list of tuners instead of just one tuner?", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0031.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0019.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Work with other groups to unify approaches to media streams", ["0034.html", "0004.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] Access to parental control methods", ["0058.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] Mapping of properties to service information", ["0061.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, November 15 2016", ["0028.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG call - 2016-10-18", ["0022.html", "0017.html", "0013.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] 1st radio-api", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Access to parental control methods", ["0008.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Channel scanning", ["0007.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Decryption of encrypted channels", ["0014.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Management of underlying resources", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Prefix for API interface names", ["0010.html", "0004.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Specify storage scope for recordings", ["0009.html", "0003.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Why retrieve a list of tuners instead of just one tuner?", ["0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Application type descriptions", ["0006.html"]], ["Audio Output Devices API and media zones", ["0019.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, October 18 2016", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG F2F - TPAC Lisbon - 2016-09-20", ["0015.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] 1st radio-api", ["0012.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Management of underlying resources", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] More flexible presentation restrictions requirement?", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by chrisn", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: 1st radio-api", ["0011.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: TV Control API Specification", ["0013.html"]], ["Publish First Public Working Draft of TV Control API", ["0004.html"]], ["TPAC 2016 meeting agenda", ["0014.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG call - 23 August 2016", ["0011.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Abstract and introduction", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Add Introduction", ["0007.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Management of underlying resources", ["0013.html", "0009.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] More flexible presentation restrictions requirement?", ["0002.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by chrisn", ["0005.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Why retrieve a list of tuners instead of just one tuner?", ["0006.html", "0003.html"]], ["CfC: Publish First Public Working Draft of TV Control API", ["0012.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] Add Introduction", ["0008.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, August 23 2016", ["0010.html"]], ["TPAC 2016 meeting agenda", ["0004.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG call 26 July 2016", ["0025.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Access to parental control methods", ["0017.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Channel scanning", ["0013.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Handling for non-TV \"channels\"", ["0015.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Management of underlying resources", ["0001.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Mappings to media delivery formats and protocols", ["0016.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Missing text and formatting problems", ["0011.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by chrisn", ["0021.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] new commits pushed by tidoust", ["0006.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Privacy and fingerprinting considerations", ["0014.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Pull Request: Abstract and introduction", ["0024.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Transition the spec to WebIDL contiguous mode", ["0008.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Use DOMTimeStamp type for date and time values", ["0007.html"]], ["[tvcontrol-api] Why retrieve a list of tuners instead of just one tuner?", ["0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Closed: [tvcontrol-api] Missing text and formatting problems", ["0010.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, July 26 2016", ["0023.html"]], ["TV control API multiple module use case clarification", ["0018.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control WG call - 28 June 2016", ["0003.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, June 28 2016", ["0002.html"]], ["Radio use cases", ["0000.html"]], ["TV control API multiple module use case clarification", ["0001.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control CG/WG call - 31 May 2016", ["0015.html"]], ["[minutes] TV Control CG/WG joint call - 2016-05-03", ["0000.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, May 31 2016", ["0013.html"]], ["TAG discussion on the TV Control WG charter", ["0012.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["TPAC 2016 registration now open", ["0009.html"]], ["TV Control API specification feedback", ["0011.html"]], ["Working Group draft specification", ["0014.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Conference call agenda, May 3 2016", ["0005.html"]], ["Creation of the TV Control Working Group", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["TV Control Working Group Charter Approved; join the TV Control Working Group (Call for Participation)", ["0000.html"]]]]