[[["\"This version\" this \"Latest version\" links", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2008-01-09", ["0009.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2008-01-16", ["0019.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2008-01-23", ["0030.html"]], ["[public-i18n-its] <none>", ["0039.html"]], ["Action item #55: Send comments on XLIFF", ["0011.html"]], ["ACTION-24 finished", ["0000.html"]], ["ACTION-50 , checked BP 1-6", ["0002.html"]], ["ACTION-50 , checked BP 13-18", ["0003.html"]], ["ACTION-54 Look into SVG Print", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["AI-46: Make an explanation of the BP 24 issue", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["BP comments", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0001.html"]], ["BP doc edits", ["0015.html", "0010.html"]], ["BP edits", ["0029.html"]], ["BP Published", ["0043.html"]], ["Comments on SVG Tiny 1.2", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["First preview of PDF rendering of BP", ["0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0020.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["ITS in XMLSPEC 2.9 (xmlspec-i18n.dtd) + Update to XMLSPEC i18n DTD documentation", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["New version of BP doc uploaded", ["0031.html"]], ["New version of BP html and xml uploaded", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Proposal for comments on SVG Tiny 1.2", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Proposal to accept change marked edits", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["Review of SMIL timesheets", ["0044.html"]], ["Version 2.11 of XML spec needed before BP release", ["0024.html", "0021.html"]]], [["\"Latest version\" vs \"This version\" links", ["0045.html", "0043.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-10-10", ["0002.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-10-31", ["0031.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-11-14", ["0044.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-11-21", ["0055.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-11-28", ["0061.html", "0059.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-12-05", ["0103.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-12-12", ["0115.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-12-19", ["0124.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-17-10", ["0014.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-17-24", ["0019.html"]], ["[SMIL30 LC comment] from ITS Working Group", ["0039.html"]], ["[SMIL30 LC comment] from ITS Working Group ( LC-1827)", ["0024.html"]], ["A couple of issues", ["0067.html", "0060.html"]], ["Accepting changes to BP doc", ["0069.html"]], ["Accepting changes to BP doc - BP 18", ["0086.html", "0075.html"]], ["Accepting changes to BP doc - BP 19", ["0076.html"]], ["Accepting changes to BP doc - BP 20", ["0087.html", "0077.html"]], ["Accepting changes to BP doc - BP 22", ["0088.html", "0078.html"]], ["Action item:", ["0046.html"]], ["ACTION ITEM: Explain \"If you are working with XSD\" paragraph in sec 1.2 (http://www.w3.org/International/its/track/actions/26)", ["0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["ACTION-29 Check translations for Japanese and German in example 29", ["0028.html"]], ["ACTION-42 \"Come up with <inputpath> example mentioned in the 0018 mail\"", ["0052.html"]], ["ACTION-43 \"Look into sec. 4.1.1., trying to make it more clear\"", ["0053.html", "0051.html"]], ["ACTION-47 done", ["0114.html", "0112.html"]], ["ACTION-50 , checked BP 1-6", ["0129.html", "0117.html", "0116.html"]], ["ACTION-50 , checked BP 13-18", ["0142.html", "0135.html", "0127.html", "0126.html"]], ["AI-35: rewording span-like BP and more", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["AI-36: Ask the OSCAR WG about any plan for TBX lite public review", ["0021.html"]], ["AI-38: Post mail with concerns about BP 14", ["0025.html"]], ["AI-46: Make an explanation of the BP 24 issue", ["0139.html", "0136.html", "0107.html", "0106.html"]], ["Assigning ids", ["0081.html", "0080.html"]], ["bidi in Atom", ["0122.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0118.html"]], ["BP 24: what's all that about?", ["0102.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0091.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0082.html"]], ["BP comments", ["0141.html", "0134.html", "0132.html", "0125.html"]], ["BP edit", ["0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["BP section 4.1.2", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Checking best practices related to ITS data cats", ["0023.html"]], ["Edits done", ["0137.html", "0104.html"]], ["Edits done - BP 19", ["0105.html"]], ["Edits done - section 4", ["0140.html"]], ["Example 28: Providing context to variables", ["0065.html", "0063.html"]], ["Example in BP4", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Gray sections for BP-19 to BP-24", ["0123.html"]], ["Gray sections for BP-7 to BP-12", ["0138.html", "0130.html", "0121.html"]], ["Headings and blue text for sections 2 and 3", ["0095.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0083.html", "0079.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0068.html"]], ["ITS proposal for SMIL", ["0001.html"]], ["ITS Rule file (PR#119)", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["ITS XML Spec version", ["0109.html", "0108.html"]], ["More editorial changes", ["0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html"]], ["More editorial edits: bp2 - 4", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["More edits done", ["0133.html", "0131.html", "0128.html", "0066.html", "0064.html", "0062.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0047.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["More edits done to BPs", ["0054.html", "0048.html"]], ["More edits to BP doc", ["0020.html"]], ["Note about directionality markup in HTML/XHTML", ["0113.html", "0111.html", "0110.html"]], ["Prague Face-to-face minutes", ["0003.html"]], ["References to Requirements for Localizable DTD Design", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Use of its:langRule in author modifiable global rules", ["0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["XHTML modularization and ITS 1.0", ["0000.html"]], ["XML 1.0 and XML 1.1", ["0022.html"]]], [["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-08-22", ["0031.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-08-29", ["0054.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-09-05", ["0067.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-09-12", ["0108.html", "0096.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-09-26", ["0125.html"]], ["[public-i18n-its]", ["0137.html"]], ["[public-i18n-its] <none>", ["0123.html", "0120.html"]], ["[SMIL30 LC comment] from ITS Working Group", ["0064.html"]], ["Action Item on BP9 from Teleconference 8 August 2007", ["0035.html", "0032.html", "0028.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["ACTION ITEM: draft general section about extending/customizing schemas (http://www.w3.org/International/its/track/actions/1)", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0063.html", "0057.html"]], ["Action Item: paragraph on \"need to document\" for BP14 (cf. http://www.w3.org/2007/08/15-i18nits-minutes.html#action03)", ["0036.html", "0033.html", "0029.html"]], ["ACTION ITEM: rework general section about extending/customizing schemas (http://www.w3.org/International/its/track/actions/1)", ["0117.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html"]], ["ACTION ITEM: second rework of general section about extending/customizing schemas (http://www.w3.org/International/its/track/actions/1)", ["0138.html", "0136.html", "0135.html", "0134.html", "0133.html"]], ["Action item: Work on \"why do this\" section for BP 7", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["ACTION-18 \"Make research on implementations for BCP 47\"", ["0110.html", "0109.html", "0077.html", "0073.html"]], ["Another structural question", ["0060.html"]], ["BP 11 (and 5 and 8): Choice of words", ["0044.html"]], ["BP 8 - change update", ["0004.html", "0001.html"]], ["BP discussion", ["0034.html"]], ["BP for this week", ["0098.html", "0059.html"]], ["BP structure question", ["0061.html", "0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["BP summary", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Comments on ITS 1.0 and BP document (Bugzilla issues 4982, 4983)", ["0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["Completed action: \"ITS - Jirka and Yves to add conformance statements to the, modularization section] \"", ["0038.html"]], ["Correction for the ITS Spec Errata", ["0103.html", "0100.html"]], ["Errata for ITS NVDL schema", ["0104.html", "0101.html", "0016.html"]], ["I18N ITS Teleconference Minutes 2007-07-18", ["0015.html"]], ["I18N ITS Teleconference Minutes 2007-08-01", ["0017.html"]], ["I18N ITS Teleconference Minutes 2007-08-08", ["0022.html"]], ["I18N ITS Teleconference Minutes 2007-08-15", ["0027.html"]], ["Input on BP 20 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthLocNote", ["0116.html", "0115.html", "0114.html", "0105.html"]], ["Input on BP 23 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthSFPlacement", ["0106.html"]], ["Input to Best Practice 18: Assign unique identifiers to text items when possible", ["0132.html", "0119.html", "0118.html", "0111.html", "0107.html", "0102.html", "0099.html", "0087.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["Input to Best Practice 19: Avoid CDATA sections when possible", ["0076.html"]], ["Input to BP 10 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevTerm", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html"]], ["Input to BP 11 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevTermOver", ["0020.html", "0018.html"]], ["Input to BP 12 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevMLDoc", ["0019.html"]], ["Input to BP 13 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevElemNames", ["0026.html"]], ["Input to BP 14 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevITSRules", ["0025.html"]], ["Input to BP 15 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthLang", ["0062.html", "0047.html", "0030.html"]], ["Input to BP 16 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthDir", ["0091.html", "0089.html", "0083.html"]], ["Input to BP 17: http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthTransOver", ["0086.html", "0084.html"]], ["Input to BP 19 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthCDATA", ["0085.html", "0082.html"]], ["Input to BP 21 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthInsText", ["0058.html", "0050.html", "0048.html", "0046.html"]], ["Input to BP 24: http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthTermOver", ["0122.html"]], ["Input to BP 25: http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#AuthTermOver", ["0124.html"]], ["Input to BP 9 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevUniqueID", ["0021.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]], ["Input to BP3 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevAttributes", ["0000.html"]], ["ITS for XForm", ["0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["ITS Rule file (PR#119)", ["0049.html"]], ["Possible bug in TEI integration", ["0112.html", "0037.html"]], ["Reply to EMMA about ITS comments", ["0092.html"]], ["Response to ITS comment about EMMA", ["0131.html", "0130.html", "0097.html", "0070.html", "0068.html"]], ["Review of SMIL 3.0", ["0045.html"]], ["Styling of embedded right-to-left text in source code visualization", ["0113.html", "0090.html", "0088.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0069.html"]], ["Update on XHTML Modularization section", ["0121.html"]], ["XML i18n Best Practice, BP10 comments", ["0041.html"]], ["XML i18n Best Practices, BP 2 comments", ["0042.html"]], ["XML i18n Best Practices, BP 21 comments", ["0043.html"]], ["XProc", ["0129.html", "0128.html", "0127.html", "0126.html"]]], [["\"Everybody to look at SPARQL and the SPARQL result format for potential ITS review\"", ["0043.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-04-04", ["0002.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-04-11", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-04-18", ["0006.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-04-25", ["0012.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-05-02", ["0025.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-05-09", ["0030.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-05-30", ["0041.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-06-06", ["0052.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-06-20", ["0067.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-06-27", ["0073.html"]], ["Action Item: ITS and EMMA (cf. http://www.w3.org/2007/04/18-i18nits-minutes.html#action01)", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Action Item: ITS and Last Call WDs - SPARQL", ["0011.html"]], ["Action Item: rework 4.1 and 4.1.1 (cf. http://www.w3.org/2007/05/15-i18nits-minutes.html#action11)", ["0040.html"]], ["Action Item: rework 4.1.4 (cf. http://www.w3.org/2007/05/30-i18nits-minutes.html#action06)", ["0065.html", "0064.html", "0059.html", "0053.html"]], ["ACTION: Jirka to send pointers about ISO fast track process", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0020.html"]], ["Acton item: Structure for BP sections", ["0000.html"]], ["AI \"Felix to check language data type in XML Schema\"", ["0042.html"]], ["AI: Yves to rework some BP according Christian structure", ["0039.html"]], ["BP 8 - change update", ["0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["BP5 correction of change", ["0066.html"]], ["Checklists for reviews", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Comment on http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevLocNote (BP 8)", ["0069.html"]], ["Comment on http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevRuby (BP7)", ["0070.html", "0068.html"]], ["Comments on TMX 2 Proposal from the ITS Working Group", ["0046.html"]], ["Completed AI: Jirka to fix DocBook issues mentioned by Christian", ["0050.html"]], ["DocBook section (Was: [I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-05-09)", ["0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["Draft of DocBook+ITS section", ["0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["I18N ITS Teleconference Minutes 2007-05-23", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Input to BP1 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#Dev Lang", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0044.html"]], ["Input to BP2", ["0051.html"]], ["Input to BP3 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevAttributes", ["0060.html", "0056.html", "0054.html"]], ["Input to BP4 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevTrans", ["0063.html", "0061.html", "0055.html"]], ["Input to BP5 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevTransOver", ["0057.html"]], ["Input to BP6 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevSeg", ["0062.html", "0058.html"]], ["Input to BP7 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevRuby", ["0071.html"]], ["Input to BP8 http://www.w3.org/International/its/techniques/its-techniques.html#DevSeg", ["0072.html"]], ["Invitation to review TMX and SRX Updates", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["ITS comment: Various comments on EMMA WD (20070409)", ["0027.html"]], ["ITS press", ["0001.html"]], ["ITS WG f2f 2007 May day 1 minutes (DRAFT))", ["0034.html"]], ["ITS-related comments for TMX 2 proposal", ["0045.html", "0029.html"]], ["NVDL", ["0032.html"]], ["Review dates for TMX, SRX and XLIFF", ["0028.html"]], ["TAUS", ["0026.html"]]], [["# [I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-03-21", ["0115.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-01-10", ["0003.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-01-24", ["0035.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-01-31", ["0061.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-02-07", ["0075.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-02-14", ["0103.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-02-21", ["0104.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-02-28", ["0105.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-03-07", ["0111.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2007-03-28", ["0119.html"]], ["Action Item: Editors to add to a draft s.t. about the output of ITS", ["0098.html", "0097.html", "0095.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0014.html"]], ["Action items for the editors mentioned in http://www.w3.org/2007/01/31-i18nits-minutes.html", ["0072.html", "0070.html", "0069.html"]], ["AI \"Felix to find old discussion on MBWP structuring\"", ["0118.html"]], ["AI on version attribute", ["0065.html"]], ["AI: Precedence order re-wording", ["0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Alternative approach to ITS validation", ["0051.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0037.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Best Practices - AI about layout", ["0117.html", "0116.html"]], ["Change of ODD definitions & update of changelog", ["0064.html"]], ["Comments on BP Specify the language of the content", ["0114.html", "0113.html", "0112.html"]], ["Error in expected result files?", ["0050.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0041.html"]], ["Feedback on \"Best Practice 11: Specify the language of the content\"", ["0110.html"]], ["Feedback on \"Best Practice 1: Provide xml:lang to specify language content\"", ["0109.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html"]], ["Latest Editor's Draft", ["0073.html", "0071.html"]], ["More comments", ["0052.html"]], ["more test1 results for locNote", ["0055.html"]], ["Namespace is still stripped", ["0102.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html"]], ["New issue 4293", ["0062.html"]], ["Only non-namespace attributes at its:ruby and no namespace attributes at its:span?)", ["0096.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html"]], ["Problem with its:version on its:rules", ["0059.html", "0057.html", "0044.html"]], ["Proposal for both attribute notations on the span element", ["0058.html", "0056.html", "0046.html", "0038.html"]], ["Removal of NS feature", ["0049.html", "0039.html"]], ["Ruby pointer test file", ["0094.html", "0087.html"]], ["Section on XHTML modularization", ["0082.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0074.html", "0053.html", "0042.html", "0040.html"]], ["Section on XHTML modularization)", ["0081.html"]], ["Selecting Items to be Translated for a Particular Language", ["0060.html"]], ["Some ITS test results", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Teleconference Minutes 2007-01-17", ["0016.html"]], ["Teleconference Minutes 2007-01-17)", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["test results for test1", ["0054.html"]], ["Test update", ["0036.html"]], ["Tests for ruby", ["0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0063.html"]]], [["'Canonical' URI for BCP 47", ["0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-10-04", ["0006.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-10-11", ["0007.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-10-25", ["0025.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-11-01", ["0031.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-11-22", ["0034.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-12-06", ["0040.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-12-13", ["0057.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-12-20", ["0080.html"]], ["Action item - Result format proposal", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["Action Item: Editors to add a note to the spec about the subset of XPath in XSLT", ["0078.html", "0076.html", "0074.html"]], ["Action Item: Editors to add a note to the spec about the subset of XPath in XSLT - Update (addressing feedback from Felix and Yves)", ["0087.html"]], ["Action Item: Editors to write some clarification text explaining inheritance stops at nodes", ["0090.html", "0079.html", "0077.html", "0075.html"]], ["ACTION ITEM: Gather mail threads related to test suite design", ["0011.html"]], ["Action item: inheritance example", ["0086.html"]], ["ACTION ITEM: woriding related to testing during CR phase", ["0024.html"]], ["Change in IRI section in ITS WD", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Examples for ruby and directionality", ["0072.html"]], ["LC comments disposition", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["My AI http://www.w3.org/2006/12/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action13", ["0092.html"]], ["my ITS implementation", ["0063.html"]], ["namespaces in test files", ["0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0064.html"]], ["New comments on tagset draft", ["0073.html"]], ["oddity in test data", ["0067.html", "0065.html"]], ["Output format (update)", ["0089.html", "0088.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html"]], ["Pointing to stuff that's not there", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Reply on comments on ITS tagset draft", ["0102.html", "0093.html", "0091.html"]], ["Reply to \"[Comment on ITS WD] Attributes missing?\"", ["0021.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Reply to \"[Comment on ITS WD] Use XHTML Modularization\"", ["0010.html", "0003.html"]], ["Sample with inheritance", ["0081.html", "0042.html"]], ["Sanity check", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Sanity check)", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Test suite", ["0022.html"]], ["Test suite general design and Namespace URIs", ["0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html"]], ["Tests", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Tests)", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Typo in 6.2.2", ["0026.html", "0023.html"]], ["Updated implementation report", ["0030.html"]], ["What does \"attaching ITS information\" mean?", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["What is possible in XSLT patterns", ["0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["Xmlns additions", ["0041.html"]]], [["[Bug 2556] syntax errors in markup", ["0104.html"]], ["[Bug 2557] namespace of attributes", ["0105.html"]], ["[Bug 2558] entry point for schemas", ["0106.html"]], ["[Bug 2618] Proposal for a \"translateAddinfo\" attribute", ["0107.html"]], ["[Bug 2619] Complexity of precedence rules for \"scope\" (or \"selectors\")", ["0108.html"]], ["[Bug 2620] Necessity of dislocated scope / selectors *and* insitu scope / selectors", ["0109.html"]], ["[Bug 2621] On conformance levels: Have a simple conformance: in situ, with default selectors", ["0110.html"]], ["[Bug 2719] Namespace requirement and selector values", ["0382.html", "0118.html"]], ["[Bug 2761] \"Products which ITS will encompass\"", ["0112.html"]], ["[Bug 2808] Existing locInfo-like markup cannot be mapped using the locInfoSelector method", ["0383.html", "0111.html"]], ["[Bug 2876] Need to address versioning", ["0113.html"]], ["[Bug 2877] Terminology data category", ["0115.html"]], ["[Bug 2878] \"Element within text\" data category", ["0117.html"]], ["[Bug 2879] Ruby data category", ["0114.html"]], ["[Bug 2881] Change abstract", ["0386.html", "0122.html"]], ["[Bug 2882] Reword \"Motivation for ITS\"", ["0123.html"]], ["[Bug 2883] Reword reference to \"Localization Properties\" in \"Out-of-scope\" section", ["0124.html"]], ["[Bug 2890] Terminology: local versus global not used much in the draft", ["0125.html"]], ["[Bug 2915] Clarify relationship between host vocabulary markup data cats and ITS data cats", ["0126.html"]], ["[Bug 2922] The word \"tag\" is not appropriate", ["0127.html"]], ["[Bug 2923] Possible conflicts between schemas and instances", ["0128.html"]], ["[Bug 2924] Why a closed list of schema languages?", ["0129.html"]], ["[Bug 2926] RELAX NG schemas can de ambiguous", ["0130.html"]], ["[Bug 2935] processing expectations for ruby / directionality", ["0131.html"]], ["[Bug 2951] The Section \"Basic concepts\" needs to be reviewed", ["0132.html"]], ["[Bug 2969] Terminology", ["0133.html"]], ["[Bug 3000] Allowing extensibility in its:documentRules", ["0134.html"]], ["[Bug 3004] Work on modularizations", ["0135.html"]], ["[Bug 3005] Relation of rules for translatable attributes versus non-translatable elements", ["0136.html"]], ["[Bug 3007] Terminology: \"data category\"", ["0137.html"]], ["[Bug 3010] RELAX NG schema should use common prefix for patterns", ["0138.html"]], ["[Bug 3016] ITS schema structure redesign", ["0139.html"]], ["[Bug 3017] rename documentRules and documentRule", ["0140.html"]], ["[Bug 3039] Proposal: check constraints in global rules", ["0141.html"]], ["[Bug 3050] Linking mechanism", ["0142.html"]], ["[Bug 3057] Proposal for grouping rules", ["0143.html"]], ["[Bug 3058] ITS inheritance mechanism versus other inheritance mechanisms (e.g. DITA): Need for clear distinction", ["0144.html"]], ["[Bug 3062] Need to write examples in the spec as valid XML", ["0145.html"]], ["[Bug 3068] Metadata for rules necessary", ["0146.html"]], ["[Bug 3126] Attaching information to the object associated to a selected node", ["0150.html"]], ["[Bug 3287] Clarity of language in the abstract", ["0147.html", "0119.html", "0103.html", "0025.html"]], ["[Bug 3290] Introduction too \"positive\" and not enough informative :)", ["0236.html", "0203.html", "0151.html"]], ["[Bug 3291] Selector attribute and XSLT", ["0152.html", "0026.html"]], ["[Bug 3292] XHTML Module for XHTML 1.1 or XHTML 2.0", ["0153.html"]], ["[Bug 3293] Conformance/Compliance", ["0154.html", "0027.html"]], ["[Bug 3294] Conformance section", ["0148.html"]], ["[Bug 3295] What kind of document", ["0155.html", "0028.html"]], ["[Bug 3296] General comment", ["0149.html"]], ["[Bug 3297] Extensibility and its namespace", ["0156.html", "0029.html"]], ["[Bug 3317] Linking of versions of textual segments via \"localization information\" data category", ["0158.html"]], ["[Bug 3318] Clarify \"within text\" data category", ["0160.html", "0014.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Bug 3319] Namespace binding mechanism", ["0161.html", "0022.html"]], ["[Bug 3320] Using IDs for nodes instead of / in addition to XPath", ["0163.html"]], ["[Bug 3321] Relation of terminology data category to existing standards for terminology", ["0164.html"]], ["[Bug 3323] Version of XPath: Write \"XPath 1.0 or its successor\"", ["0165.html"]], ["[Bug 3328] Order of precedence in selection", ["0166.html", "0048.html"]], ["[Bug 3329] Reference to its:span", ["0167.html", "0049.html"]], ["[Bug 3330] lro and rlo explanation", ["0168.html"]], ["[Bug 3331] Please use XHTML Modularization for defining ITS DTD and Schema", ["0169.html", "0030.html"]], ["[Bug 3360] Following the inheritance of the rules can be difficult", ["0170.html", "0012.html"]], ["[Bug 3361] No defined behavior if external rules can't be accessed", ["0171.html", "0011.html"]], ["[Bug 3362] method for translatability of attributes not clear", ["0172.html", "0050.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["[Bug 3408] The attribute name \"translate\" may be confusing", ["0173.html", "0032.html"]], ["[Bug 3409] Inconsistent use of single- and double-quotes", ["0174.html", "0031.html"]], ["[Bug 3456] Attribute used for locInfo", ["0176.html", "0175.html", "0060.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["[Bug 3457] RFC 3066bis", ["0187.html", "0035.html"]], ["[Bug 3458] Default translate value", ["0188.html", "0036.html"]], ["[Bug 3459] Use of elements", ["0189.html", "0037.html"]], ["[Bug 3460] Loc Info or Loc Note", ["0190.html", "0038.html"]], ["[Bug 3461] Role of termInfo", ["0191.html", "0039.html"]], ["[Bug 3462] Pointing to terms", ["0192.html", "0040.html"]], ["[Bug 3463] termInfoRef should allow for id strings", ["0193.html", "0063.html", "0041.html"]], ["[Bug 3464] Allowing for xpath expressions to point to term definitions", ["0194.html", "0064.html", "0046.html"]], ["[Bug 3465] Default is ltr", ["0195.html", "0047.html"]], ["[Bug 3466] Existing ruby markup", ["0196.html", "0042.html"]], ["[Bug 3467] rubyText is an attribute", ["0197.html", "0043.html"]], ["[Bug 3468] xml:lang missing", ["0199.html", "0044.html"]], ["[Bug 3469] Example 19 xml:lang", ["0205.html", "0204.html", "0051.html", "0045.html"]], ["[Bug 3473] Language information data category overview", ["0206.html", "0198.html", "0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["[Bug 3479] Example 33", ["0262.html", "0207.html", "0055.html"]], ["[Bug 3480] Use of xml:lang", ["0208.html", "0200.html", "0056.html"]], ["[Bug 3481] Translatability", ["0209.html", "0057.html"]], ["[Bug 3482] Inheritance of translation information", ["0210.html", "0058.html"]], ["[Bug 3487] Invert translate examples", ["0211.html", "0065.html"]], ["[Bug 3488] 6.3 ed 1", ["0212.html", "0066.html"]], ["[Bug 3489] Mention translation tools", ["0213.html", "0067.html"]], ["[Bug 3490] Examples 22 and 23", ["0214.html", "0068.html"]], ["[Bug 3491] Explanations for examples", ["0215.html", "0069.html"]], ["[Bug 3492] Example 24", ["0182.html", "0178.html", "0070.html"]], ["[Bug 3493] Marks terms and meanings", ["0216.html", "0071.html"]], ["[Bug 3494] termInfoRefPointer referant's data", ["0183.html", "0072.html"]], ["[Bug 3495] Hard to know what this is about", ["0184.html", "0177.html", "0159.html", "0073.html"]], ["[Bug 3496] Standardised wording", ["0185.html", "0074.html"]], ["[Bug 3497] No implementation section", ["0186.html", "0075.html"]], ["[Bug 3498] Repetition", ["0217.html", "0076.html"]], ["[Bug 3499] Is dir mandatory?", ["0218.html", "0077.html"]], ["[Bug 3500] Avoid xml:lang='he'", ["0219.html", "0078.html"]], ["[Bug 3501] Some Hebrew quotation", ["0220.html", "0080.html"]], ["[Bug 3502] Example 30", ["0221.html", "0081.html", "0079.html"]], ["[Bug 3503] Refer to bidi article", ["0222.html", "0082.html"]], ["[Bug 3504] Example 31 lacks rp", ["0223.html", "0083.html"]], ["[Bug 3505] Use Japanese in Example 31", ["0224.html", "0084.html"]], ["[Bug 3506] Make the application of legacy ruby clearer", ["0225.html", "0085.html"]], ["[Bug 3507] in the case of no selection", ["0226.html", "0086.html"]], ["[Bug 3508] Example 32 head", ["0227.html", "0087.html"]], ["[Bug 3509] Too many places to look", ["0228.html", "0088.html"]], ["[Bug 3510] Spell out the attributes", ["0229.html", "0089.html"]], ["[Bug 3511] Example 14 translate", ["0230.html", "0090.html"]], ["[Bug 3512] Example 14 dir", ["0231.html", "0091.html"]], ["[Bug 3513] ITS markup must be integrated", ["0232.html", "0092.html"]], ["[Bug 3514] Attributes missing?", ["0233.html", "0093.html"]], ["[Bug 3515] Attributes missing?xml:lang = language info, please", ["0094.html"]], ["[Bug 3515] xml:lang = language info, please", ["0234.html", "0095.html"]], ["[Bug 3516] Editorial comments on ITS from i18n core", ["0235.html", "0096.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] 6.3 ed 1", ["0302.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Allowing for xpath expressions to point to term definitions", ["0315.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Attribute used for locInfo", ["0309.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Avoid xml:lang='he'", ["0385.html", "0377.html", "0376.html", "0375.html", "0374.html", "0373.html", "0372.html", "0371.html", "0369.html", "0352.html", "0321.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Default is ltr", ["0324.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Default translate value", ["0300.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Example 14 dir", ["0336.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Example 14 translate", ["0335.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Example 19 xml:lang", ["0333.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Example 24", ["0308.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Example 31 lacks rp", ["0325.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Example 32 head", ["0330.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Example 33", ["0360.html", "0348.html", "0296.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Examples 22 and 23", ["0306.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Existing ruby markup", ["0427.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Explanations for examples", ["0307.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Hard to know what this is about", ["0316.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] in the case of no selection", ["0329.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Inheritance of translation information", ["0299.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Invert translate examples", ["0356.html", "0350.html", "0346.html", "0301.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Is dir mandatory?", ["0320.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] ITS markup must be integrated", ["0337.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Language information dc overview", ["0294.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Loc Info or Loc Note", ["0305.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Make the application of legacy ruby clearer", ["0355.html", "0353.html", "0327.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Marks terms and meanings", ["0310.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Mary's editorial comments on ITS", ["0341.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Mention translation tools", ["0303.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Missing document reference", ["0363.html", "0342.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] No implementation section", ["0318.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Pointing to terms", ["0312.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Refer to bidi article", ["0323.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Repetition", ["0319.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] RFC 3066bis", ["0358.html", "0351.html", "0347.html", "0295.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Richard's editorial comments on ITS", ["0387.html", "0340.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Role of termInfo", ["0311.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] rubyText is an attribute", ["0328.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Some Hebrew quotation", ["0322.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Spell out the attributes", ["0334.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Standardised wording", ["0317.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] termInfoRef should allow for id strings", ["0314.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] termInfoRefPointer referant's data", ["0313.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Too many places to look", ["0364.html", "0345.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Translatability", ["0415.html", "0399.html", "0398.html", "0389.html", "0368.html", "0367.html", "0366.html", "0361.html", "0298.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Use Japanese in Example 31", ["0326.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Use of elements", ["0304.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] Use of xml:lang", ["0359.html", "0349.html", "0297.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] xml:lang = language info, please", ["0416.html", "0397.html", "0396.html", "0395.html", "0394.html", "0354.html", "0331.html"]], ["[Comment on ITS WD] xml:lang missing", ["0332.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqWhoShouldRead\" by RichardIshida", ["0252.html", "0251.html"]], ["[Fwd: [Bug 3323] Version of XPath: Write \"XPath 1.0 or its successor\"]", ["0393.html", "0380.html", "0378.html"]], ["[Fwd: [xml-dev] Localizable XML description of form]", ["0202.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-07-05", ["0002.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-07-17", ["0052.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-07-19", ["0062.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-07-21", ["0102.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-07-24", ["0180.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-07-26", ["0245.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-07-28 (issues list updated)", ["0250.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-07-31 ssues list updated)", ["0256.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-08-30", ["0272.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-09-27", ["0424.html"]], ["[public-i18n-its] <none>", ["0246.html"]], ["About ruby in ITS global usage", ["0120.html"]], ["AW: Features at risk", ["0418.html", "0414.html", "0408.html", "0407.html"]], ["AW: Issue 3466, including action items http://www.w3.org/2006/09/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action02 and item http://www.w3.org/2006/09/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action11", ["0413.html", "0412.html", "0411.html", "0409.html"]], ["AW: Missing term=\"yes|no\" attribute for <termRule>", ["0266.html", "0264.html"]], ["AW: On issue 3640 and action item http://www.w3.org/2006/09/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action12", ["0410.html", "0406.html"]], ["Behavior for ITS elements in document instances", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Best Practices update", ["0257.html"]], ["Best Practices WD updated", ["0261.html"]], ["Changes", ["0287.html"]], ["Changes in the tagset draft", ["0284.html", "0283.html"]], ["Changes to publications list", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Diffs (part 2)", ["0280.html"]], ["Diffs for WD changes", ["0279.html"]], ["DITA Translation Subcommittee Meeting Minutes: 17 July 2006", ["0100.html", "0098.html"]], ["Example 25", ["0116.html"]], ["Example changes", ["0281.html"]], ["Examples and descriptions", ["0201.html"]], ["Exploring the change from Ref to Uri", ["0243.html", "0242.html", "0241.html", "0240.html", "0239.html", "0238.html", "0237.html", "0181.html", "0179.html"]], ["Features at risk", ["0405.html", "0404.html", "0400.html"]], ["Fixing example 24", ["0004.html"]], ["Global Rule for Ruby", ["0370.html"]], ["http://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=3495 (action item from conf. call 09 August 2006)", ["0258.html"]], ["I18n Comments", ["0362.html"]], ["Inheritance for terms", ["0273.html"]], ["IRI, Directionality and Ruby in ITS", ["0253.html"]], ["Issue 3466, including action items http://www.w3.org/2006/09/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action02 and item http://www.w3.org/2006/09/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action11", ["0421.html", "0420.html", "0419.html", "0402.html"]], ["Issue 3513: \"ITS markup must be integrated\"", ["0254.html"]], ["Issue list update", ["0247.html"]], ["issues list update", ["0339.html", "0338.html"]], ["Issues Report", ["0244.html"]], ["Issues update", ["0274.html"]], ["ITS elements needing span or span-attributes", ["0249.html", "0157.html"]], ["ITS Teleconf - Friday Sep-08-2006 15:00 UTC", ["0285.html", "0282.html"]], ["ITS Teleconf - Wednesday Sep-20-2006 14:00 UTC", ["0384.html"]], ["ITS version attribute", ["0293.html", "0292.html", "0291.html", "0290.html", "0289.html", "0288.html"]], ["lang ref and rfc4646", ["0365.html"]], ["LC comments - current state", ["0101.html", "0099.html", "0097.html"]], ["locNote on locNote (elated to issue #3459)", ["0255.html"]], ["Missing term=\"yes|no\" attribute for <termRule>", ["0265.html", "0263.html"]], ["Need to have language information data category as a feature at risk?", ["0425.html"]], ["On directionality and CSS", ["0381.html", "0379.html"]], ["On issue 3640 and action item http://www.w3.org/2006/09/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action12", ["0428.html", "0426.html", "0423.html", "0422.html", "0417.html", "0403.html", "0401.html"]], ["Prioritizing Editor's Changes", ["0260.html"]], ["Proposal for Ruby", ["0390.html"]], ["Proposal for xml:lang", ["0162.html", "0121.html"]], ["Proposal to include reference to \" Requirements for Localizable DTD Design\"", ["0018.html"]], ["Proposed title change for the best practices document", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Question about reference to OpenDocument", ["0392.html", "0391.html", "0388.html"]], ["Reply to last call comment on \"Internationalization Tag Set\"", ["0061.html", "0059.html", "0008.html"]], ["Teleconference Minutes 2006-08-09", ["0259.html"]], ["Term=\"yes|no\"", ["0278.html", "0277.html", "0276.html", "0275.html", "0271.html", "0270.html", "0269.html", "0268.html", "0267.html"]], ["todo: write mail about pointer attributes at the rubyRule element", ["0344.html", "0343.html", "0286.html"]], ["Updated issues list", ["0248.html"]], ["Xml:lang ref and rfc4646", ["0357.html"]]], [["[all] Request for Last Call Review, Internationalization Tag Set (ITS)", ["0183.html", "0181.html"]], ["[Bug 2761] \"Products which ITS will encompass\"", ["0079.html"]], ["[Bug 2876] Need to address versioning", ["0077.html", "0064.html"]], ["[Bug 2877] Terminology data category", ["0084.html"]], ["[Bug 2878] \"Element within text\" data category", ["0199.html"]], ["[Bug 2879] Ruby data category", ["0086.html"]], ["[Bug 2881] Change abstract", ["0048.html"]], ["[Bug 2882] Reword \"Motivation for ITS\"", ["0047.html"]], ["[Bug 2883] Reword reference to \"Localization Properties\" in \"Out-of-scope\" section", ["0045.html"]], ["[Bug 2915] Clarify relationship between host vocabulary markup data cats and ITS data cats", ["0078.html", "0070.html", "0068.html"]], ["[Bug 2923] Possible conflicts between schemas and instances", ["0059.html"]], ["[Bug 2924] Why a closed list of schema languages?", ["0060.html"]], ["[Bug 2935] processing expectations for ruby / directionality", ["0081.html", "0069.html", "0067.html"]], ["[Bug 2951] The Section \"Basic concepts\" needs to be reviewed", ["0043.html"]], ["[Bug 2969] Terminology", ["0200.html", "0085.html"]], ["[Bug 3000] Allowing extensibility in its:documentRules", ["0044.html"]], ["[Bug 3007] Terminology: \"data category\"", ["0046.html"]], ["[Bug 3010] RELAX NG schema should use common prefix for patterns", ["0148.html"]], ["[Bug 3016] ITS schema structure redesign", ["0058.html"]], ["[Bug 3017] rename documentRules and documentRule", ["0049.html"]], ["[Bug 3039] Proposal: check constraints in global rules", ["0082.html"]], ["[Bug 3050] Linking mechanism", ["0050.html"]], ["[Bug 3057] Proposal for grouping rules", ["0083.html"]], ["[Bug 3058] ITS inheritance mechanism versus other inheritance mechanisms (e.g. DITA): Need for clear distinction", ["0149.html", "0065.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0051.html"]], ["[Bug 3062] Need to write examples in the spec as valid XML", ["0150.html", "0004.html"]], ["[Bug 3068] Metadata for rules necessary", ["0080.html", "0008.html"]], ["[Bug 3126] Attaching information to the object associated to a selected node", ["0087.html"]], ["[Bug 3287] Clarity of language in the abstract", ["0169.html", "0168.html"]], ["[Bug 3290] Introduction too \"positive\" and not enough informative :)", ["0234.html", "0170.html"]], ["[Bug 3291] Selector attribute and XSLT", ["0186.html", "0171.html"]], ["[Bug 3292] XHTML Module for XHTML 1.1 or XHTML 2.0", ["0172.html"]], ["[Bug 3293] Conformance/Compliance", ["0173.html"]], ["[Bug 3294] Conformance section", ["0187.html", "0174.html"]], ["[Bug 3295] What kind of document", ["0182.html", "0175.html"]], ["[Bug 3296] General comment", ["0188.html", "0176.html"]], ["[Bug 3297] Extensibility and its namespace", ["0177.html"]], ["[Bug 3317] Linking of versions of textual segments via \"localization information\" data category", ["0221.html", "0194.html"]], ["[Bug 3318] Clarify \"within text\" data category", ["0247.html", "0235.html", "0195.html"]], ["[Bug 3319] Namespace binding mechanism", ["0248.html", "0246.html", "0245.html", "0236.html", "0222.html", "0196.html"]], ["[Bug 3320] Using IDs for nodes instead of / in addition to XPath", ["0223.html", "0197.html"]], ["[Bug 3321] Relation of terminology data category to existing standards for terminology", ["0224.html", "0198.html"]], ["[Bug 3323] Version of XPath: Write \"XPath 1.0 or its successor\"", ["0225.html", "0203.html"]], ["[Bug 3328] Order of precedence in selection", ["0237.html", "0226.html", "0210.html", "0209.html", "0207.html", "0205.html"]], ["[Bug 3329] Reference to its:span", ["0250.html", "0241.html", "0227.html", "0206.html"]], ["[Bug 3330] lro and rlo explanation", ["0228.html", "0211.html", "0208.html"]], ["[Bug 3331] Please use XHTML Modularization for defining ITS DTD and Schema", ["0229.html", "0212.html"]], ["[Bug 3360] Following the inheritance of the rules can be difficult", ["0238.html", "0230.html", "0216.html"]], ["[Bug 3361] No defined behavior if external rules can't be accessed", ["0239.html", "0231.html", "0219.html", "0217.html"]], ["[Bug 3362] method for translatability of attributes not clear", ["0240.html", "0232.html", "0220.html", "0218.html"]], ["[Bug 3408] The attribute name \"translate\" may be confusing", ["0243.html"]], ["[Bug 3409] Inconsistent use of single- and double-quotes", ["0244.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechLangAuth\" by YvesSavourel", ["0012.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechLangDev\" by YvesSavourel", ["0011.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0908LinguisticMarkup\" by GoutamSaha", ["0215.html", "0204.html", "0201.html", "0191.html", "0190.html", "0185.html", "0180.html", "0178.html", "0167.html", "0165.html", "0160.html", "0075.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0002.html"]], ["[I18N ITS editor's call] Teleconference Minutes 2006-04-07", ["0054.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-04-05", ["0014.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-04-12", ["0066.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-04-26", ["0145.html", "0141.html", "0120.html", "0118.html", "0116.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-05-03", ["0157.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-05-10", ["0163.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-06-07", ["0202.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-06-14", ["0213.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-06-21", ["0233.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-06-28", ["0249.html"]], ["A workaround for Conref?", ["0193.html"]], ["Action item http://www.w3.org/2006/04/26-i18nits-minutes.html#action11", ["0138.html"]], ["Action item http://www.w3.org/2006/04/26-i18nits-minutes.html#action13", ["0139.html"]], ["Action item http://www.w3.org/2006/04/26-i18nits-minutes.html#action24 and schema - check", ["0137.html"]], ["Action Item: http://www.w3.org/2006/04/19-i18nits-minutes.html#action01 (handling of inclusions)", ["0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0088.html"]], ["Action Item: http://www.w3.org/2006/04/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action05 (talking about \"techniques doc\" in \"spec\")", ["0134.html", "0089.html"]], ["Action Item: http://www.w3.org/2006/04/20-i18nits-minutes.html#action08 (process=\"no\" flag)", ["0103.html", "0102.html", "0097.html", "0094.html"]], ["Change proposals: Christian's \"introduction\" section", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Comments on Conformance section (part 1)", ["0009.html", "0005.html"]], ["Comments on Conformance section (part 2)", ["0061.html", "0053.html", "0010.html", "0006.html", "0001.html"]], ["Comments on the specification (part 3)", ["0003.html"]], ["Computational linguistic markup", ["0036.html"]], ["Computational Linguistic Markup (CLM)", ["0076.html"]], ["Discussions for this week", ["0018.html"]], ["Elements within text", ["0154.html", "0152.html", "0151.html", "0142.html", "0132.html", "0131.html", "0128.html", "0126.html", "0125.html", "0124.html", "0123.html"]], ["Face-to-face", ["0214.html"]], ["Feedback about requirements document", ["0159.html", "0153.html", "0140.html"]], ["Inheritance in DITA / XLIFF", ["0000.html"]], ["Integreated changes in sec \"introduction\" and \"basic concepts\"", ["0055.html", "0042.html", "0039.html"]], ["ITS Face-to-Face meeting April 2006 (Oxford) minutes, day 1 (18 April, Tuesday)", ["0071.html"]], ["ITS tagset changelog: Added section on constraints check", ["0146.html", "0143.html", "0133.html"]], ["ITS tagset: versioning", ["0147.html", "0144.html", "0129.html", "0127.html"]], ["ITS Teleconf - Wednesday Apr-26-2006 14:00 UT", ["0096.html", "0095.html"]], ["ITS Teleconf - Wednesday Jun-07-2006 14:00 UTC", ["0192.html"]], ["ITS Teleconference Minutes 2006-05-31", ["0189.html"]], ["ITS: global attributes without prefix", ["0007.html"]], ["Linguistic Markup language", ["0074.html"]], ["Linking", ["0038.html"]], ["LISA OSCAR GMX/V Open for public comment", ["0155.html"]], ["locInfo ... Global rules", ["0136.html", "0130.html"]], ["Occurences of <rules> element in document and linking", ["0056.html", "0041.html"]], ["Pointing to techniques from best practises", ["0161.html", "0158.html"]], ["Possible wording for acknowledged but yet uncovered requirement related to non-textual content", ["0135.html", "0122.html", "0121.html", "0119.html", "0117.html", "0115.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0108.html", "0107.html"]], ["Reply to last call comment on \"Internationalization Tag Set\"", ["0242.html"]], ["Req and BP Updated", ["0166.html", "0164.html", "0162.html"]], ["Ruby discussion topic", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Summary of consensus", ["0016.html"]], ["Techniques document feedback", ["0040.html"]], ["Teleconference Minutes 2006-05-17", ["0179.html"]], ["Teleconference Minutes 2006-05-24", ["0184.html"]], ["Text about \"language information data category\"?", ["0013.html"]], ["The termRef, locInfoRef attributes", ["0156.html"]], ["Versioning", ["0057.html", "0052.html", "0037.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["withinText", ["0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html"]]], [["2 Examples in the spec", ["0504.html", "0503.html", "0502.html"]], ["[Bug 2556] syntax errors in markup", ["0096.html", "0030.html"]], ["[Bug 2557] namespace of attributes", ["0008.html"]], ["[Bug 2558] entry point for schemas", ["0097.html"]], ["[Bug 2618] Proposal for a \"translateAddinfo\" attribute", ["0235.html"]], ["[Bug 2619] Complexity of precedence rules for \"scope\" (or \"selectors\")", ["0236.html", "0212.html", "0182.html", "0009.html", "0001.html"]], ["[Bug 2620] Necessity of dislocated scope / selectors *and* insitu scope / selectors", ["0211.html", "0145.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0007.html"]], ["[Bug 2621] On conformance levels: Have a simple conformance: in situ, with default selectors", ["0146.html", "0144.html", "0041.html", "0035.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0011.html"]], ["[Bug 2719] Namespace requirement and selector values", ["0147.html", "0070.html", "0025.html"]], ["[Bug 2761] \"Products which ITS will encompass\"", ["0183.html", "0143.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0055.html", "0053.html", "0040.html"]], ["[Bug 2808] Existing locInfo-like markup cannot be mapped using the locInfoSelector method", ["0377.html", "0242.html", "0206.html", "0129.html", "0123.html"]], ["[Bug 2876] Need to address versioning", ["0482.html", "0360.html", "0279.html", "0278.html", "0210.html", "0209.html", "0208.html", "0187.html", "0186.html", "0181.html", "0180.html"]], ["[Bug 2877] Terminology data category", ["0271.html", "0269.html", "0216.html", "0192.html", "0189.html"]], ["[Bug 2878] \"Element within text\" data category", ["0326.html", "0322.html", "0321.html", "0305.html", "0302.html", "0299.html", "0292.html", "0291.html", "0289.html", "0285.html"]], ["[Bug 2878] Segmentation data category", ["0284.html", "0245.html", "0218.html", "0217.html", "0193.html", "0190.html"]], ["[Bug 2879] Ruby data category", ["0194.html", "0191.html"]], ["[Bug 2881] Change abstract", ["0203.html", "0196.html"]], ["[Bug 2882] Reword \"Motivation for ITS\"", ["0204.html", "0197.html"]], ["[Bug 2883] Reword reference to \"Localization Properties\" in \"Out-of-scope\" section", ["0480.html", "0205.html", "0198.html"]], ["[Bug 2890] Terminology: local versus global not used much in the draft", ["0237.html", "0215.html", "0214.html"]], ["[Bug 2915] Clarify relationship between host vocabulary markup data cats and ITS data cats", ["0233.html"]], ["[Bug 2922] The word \"tag\" is not appropriate", ["0379.html", "0253.html", "0247.html", "0238.html"]], ["[Bug 2923] Possible conflicts between schemas and instances", ["0361.html", "0248.html", "0243.html", "0239.html"]], ["[Bug 2924] Why a closed list of schema languages?", ["0440.html", "0437.html", "0432.html", "0388.html", "0249.html", "0244.html", "0240.html"]], ["[Bug 2926] RELAX NG schemas can de ambiguous", ["0378.html", "0250.html", "0246.html"]], ["[Bug 2935] processing expectations for ruby / directionality", ["0251.html"]], ["[Bug 2951] The Section \"Basic concepts\" needs to be reviewed", ["0428.html"]], ["[Bug 2951] The Section 3 \"Notation and Terminology\" needs to be reviewed", ["0257.html"]], ["[Bug 2969] Terminology", ["0274.html", "0272.html", "0270.html"]], ["[Bug 3000] Allowing extensibility in its:documentRules", ["0476.html", "0444.html", "0443.html", "0438.html", "0430.html", "0398.html", "0397.html", "0396.html", "0395.html", "0394.html", "0393.html", "0391.html", "0389.html", "0386.html", "0381.html", "0325.html", "0320.html", "0311.html"]], ["[Bug 3004] Work on modularizations", ["0316.html"]], ["[Bug 3005] Relation of rules for translatable attributes versus non-translatable elements", ["0509.html", "0317.html"]], ["[Bug 3007] Terminology: \"data category\"", ["0481.html", "0319.html"]], ["[Bug 3010] RELAX NG schema should use common prefix for patterns", ["0334.html"]], ["[Bug 3016] ITS schema structure redesign", ["0447.html", "0446.html", "0445.html", "0362.html"]], ["[Bug 3017] rename documentRules and documentRule", ["0451.html", "0442.html", "0441.html", "0436.html", "0431.html", "0387.html", "0382.html", "0367.html", "0365.html", "0364.html", "0363.html"]], ["[Bug 3039] Proposal: check constraints in global rules", ["0401.html"]], ["[Bug 3050] Linking mechanism", ["0458.html", "0457.html", "0455.html", "0454.html", "0453.html", "0452.html", "0450.html", "0439.html", "0434.html", "0427.html"]], ["[Bug 3057] Proposal for grouping rules", ["0472.html", "0471.html", "0470.html", "0469.html", "0468.html"]], ["[Bug 3058] ITS inheritance mechanism versus other inheritance mechanisms (e.g. DITA): Need for clear distinction", ["0474.html"]], ["[Bug 3062] Need to write examples in the spec as valid XML", ["0501.html", "0500.html", "0499.html", "0498.html", "0497.html", "0496.html", "0492.html", "0491.html", "0490.html", "0489.html", "0487.html", "0486.html"]], ["[dita-translation] More on ruby", ["0288.html"]], ["[dita] [dita-translation] TC/DITA/Translation Subcommittee Proposals", ["0328.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqTermIdentification\" by YvesSavourel", ["0032.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505LimitImpact\" by YvesSavourel", ["0033.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601ReqInlineElements\" by fsasaki", ["0159.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601ReqInlineElements\" by YvesSavourel", ["0173.html", "0156.html", "0117.html", "0077.html", "0062.html", "0031.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechAttrAndTrans\" by YvesSavourel", ["0459.html", "0079.html", "0037.html", "0028.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechLangAuth\" by YvesSavourel", ["0039.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechLangDev\" by fsasaki", ["0130.html", "0093.html", "0083.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechLangDev\" by YvesSavourel", ["0126.html", "0092.html", "0080.html", "0038.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechLocInfoDev\" by YvesSavourel", ["0456.html", "0125.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601Techniques\" by dianestoick", ["0220.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601Techniques\" by YvesSavourel", ["0221.html", "0127.html", "0036.html", "0026.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechTransAuth\" by YvesSavourel", ["0029.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechTransDev\" by YvesSavourel", ["0222.html", "0027.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechTransOverDev\" by YvesSavourel", ["0116.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechUniqueIDDev\" by ChristianLieske", ["0052.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0601TechUniqueIDDev\" by YvesSavourel", ["0048.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0908LinguisticMarkup\" by GoutamSaha", ["0414.html", "0370.html", "0369.html", "0337.html", "0313.html", "0293.html", "0280.html", "0264.html", "0227.html", "0201.html", "0086.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Fwd: TC/DITA/Translation Subcommittee Proposals]", ["0314.html"]], ["[I18N ITS (editor's call)] Teleconference Minutes 2006-03-31", ["0505.html"]], ["[I18N ITS editor's call] Teleconference Minutes 2006-03-24", ["0407.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-02-22", ["0234.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-03-22", ["0380.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2006-03-29", ["0478.html"]], ["Apologies", ["0373.html"]], ["Apologies re today's TC meeting", ["0199.html"]], ["Applications of ruby: ruby with various semantics", ["0095.html"]], ["Change log ITS tagset draft", ["0163.html"]], ["Change log of ITS tagset", ["0168.html"]], ["Changes from Sebastian", ["0158.html"]], ["Clarification of precedence", ["0213.html"]], ["Comments for draft (version 1.68 2006/02/14 06:47:17) related to second WD for ITS Specification", ["0165.html"]], ["Comments for draft (version of 1.64 2006/02/08 14:40:50) related to second WD for ITS Specification", ["0155.html"]], ["Comments on Conformance section (part 1)", ["0508.html"]], ["Comments on the specification document", ["0140.html", "0139.html"]], ["Conformance (re)discussion", ["0493.html"]], ["Conformance Section", ["0091.html", "0090.html", "0088.html"]], ["Data category span element", ["0084.html"]], ["Datacat for inline element", ["0089.html", "0087.html", "0085.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0078.html", "0076.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0063.html"]], ["Decisions on Issues", ["0358.html"]], ["Default attributes", ["0104.html", "0099.html"]], ["Directionality Scope/inheritance issue (same as translatability)", ["0449.html", "0448.html", "0435.html", "0433.html", "0429.html", "0426.html", "0425.html", "0424.html", "0423.html", "0422.html", "0421.html", "0420.html", "0419.html", "0418.html", "0417.html", "0416.html", "0415.html", "0413.html", "0412.html", "0411.html", "0410.html"]], ["Directionality Scope/inheritence issue (same as translatability)", ["0409.html", "0408.html", "0405.html", "0404.html", "0402.html", "0400.html", "0399.html", "0392.html", "0390.html", "0385.html", "0383.html", "0376.html", "0375.html", "0374.html"]], ["DITA default rules", ["0488.html", "0485.html", "0484.html", "0483.html"]], ["DocBook and ITS", ["0351.html", "0348.html", "0343.html", "0342.html", "0341.html", "0340.html", "0339.html", "0338.html", "0336.html", "0335.html", "0330.html"]], ["Editorial note: Override vs Overwrite", ["0507.html", "0506.html"]], ["Editors' teleconference Summary for the Mandelieu Proposals", ["0283.html"]], ["Files for DocBook", ["0226.html", "0225.html", "0224.html"]], ["Help on Bug", ["0465.html", "0464.html", "0463.html", "0461.html"]], ["i18n ITS (edit) minutes 2006-02-17", ["0223.html"]], ["i18n ITS minutes 2006-01-25", ["0064.html"]], ["i18n ITS minutes 2006-02-01", ["0103.html"]], ["i18n ITS minutes 2006-02-08", ["0141.html"]], ["i18n ITS minutes 2006-02-15", ["0202.html"]], ["i18n ITS minutes 2006-03-15", ["0327.html"]], ["i18n ITS working group minutes 2006-01-18", ["0034.html"]], ["Implementation: dir data category", ["0157.html"]], ["Inheritance in DITA / XLIFF", ["0511.html"]], ["Integrating feedback on the ITS tagset working draft", ["0177.html", "0175.html", "0172.html", "0170.html"]], ["Issue of locInfoType - To keep or not", ["0384.html", "0372.html", "0371.html", "0333.html", "0332.html"]], ["Issue with translatability scope/inheritance", ["0368.html"]], ["ITS \"Products\"", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["ITS - Example 11 of the specification", ["0050.html", "0047.html"]], ["ITS and XHTML 1.0", ["0355.html", "0354.html", "0344.html", "0324.html", "0323.html", "0318.html", "0315.html", "0312.html", "0310.html", "0308.html", "0306.html", "0304.html", "0298.html"]], ["ITS changelog", ["0185.html"]], ["ITS f2f Mandelieu 2006 Minutes", ["0259.html", "0258.html"]], ["ITS Inheritance", ["0057.html", "0051.html", "0049.html"]], ["ITS metatdata for processing", ["0016.html"]], ["ITS Specification comments", ["0138.html", "0137.html"]], ["ITS tagset changelog", ["0188.html"]], ["ITS tagset draft: Section by Christian", ["0154.html", "0153.html", "0152.html"]], ["ITS: global attributes without prefix", ["0510.html", "0495.html", "0494.html"]], ["JLA OSDS seminor", ["0114.html", "0094.html"]], ["locInfo", ["0071.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["Mandelieu Proposals", ["0277.html", "0263.html", "0261.html"]], ["Mandelieu Proposals - Comments Christian", ["0268.html", "0266.html"]], ["Many thanks for comments on ITS", ["0241.html"]], ["Mapping...", ["0366.html", "0359.html", "0356.html", "0352.html"]], ["Minutes 2006-01-04: ITS teleconference", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes 2006-03-01: ITS teleconference", ["0260.html"]], ["Minutes 2006-03-08: ITS teleconference", ["0281.html"]], ["Minutes 2006-03-08: ITS teleconference - Correction", ["0282.html"]], ["Minutes i18n ITS working group 2006-01-11", ["0017.html"]], ["New ITS syntax", ["0479.html", "0475.html", "0467.html", "0466.html", "0462.html", "0460.html", "0301.html", "0297.html", "0296.html"]], ["normalizing ITS draft", ["0179.html"]], ["Note from the DITA translation subcommittee teleconference 27 Feb 2006", ["0255.html"]], ["On conformance", ["0219.html", "0207.html", "0200.html", "0195.html", "0151.html", "0150.html", "0149.html", "0148.html", "0133.html"]], ["On language tags", ["0256.html", "0254.html", "0230.html", "0228.html"]], ["On the structure of the techniques document", ["0229.html"]], ["Oriya Text Rendering Problem", ["0072.html"]], ["Proposal 07", ["0357.html", "0353.html", "0350.html", "0347.html"]], ["Proposal for a span element", ["0135.html", "0134.html", "0132.html"]], ["Proposal: not having mapping for the translatability and the dir category", ["0349.html", "0346.html", "0345.html", "0331.html", "0329.html"]], ["Proposed text for ITS spec introductory material", ["0477.html", "0406.html", "0265.html", "0262.html", "0252.html"]], ["Question about selector scope and rule order", ["0309.html", "0307.html", "0303.html", "0300.html", "0295.html", "0294.html", "0290.html", "0287.html", "0286.html"]], ["Recent changes to the tagset draft", ["0136.html"]], ["Removing the selectors for in situ expressions", ["0098.html"]], ["Ruby attribute vs. ruby element?", ["0276.html", "0275.html", "0267.html"]], ["Ruby example", ["0115.html", "0112.html", "0106.html"]], ["Ruby implementation in Firefox / Mozilla", ["0113.html", "0102.html"]], ["Ruby: Yes, please!", ["0142.html"]], ["Segmentation Hints", ["0118.html"]], ["Selection and Ruby", ["0131.html", "0128.html", "0124.html", "0122.html", "0121.html", "0120.html", "0119.html"]], ["terminology", ["0166.html"]], ["Terminology data category - Suggestion to brush up work", ["0273.html"]], ["Terminology to be used with ITS markup", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Terminology to be used with ITS markup (II)", ["0056.html", "0054.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["terminology]", ["0178.html", "0176.html", "0174.html", "0171.html", "0169.html", "0167.html"]], ["Text about \"language information data category\"?", ["0473.html"]], ["Title of sec. 4 ( http://www.w3.org/International/its/itstagset/itstagset.html#sel-intro-expr )", ["0164.html", "0162.html", "0161.html", "0160.html"]], ["Update of tagset draft", ["0403.html"]], ["Uploaded Sebastian's changes", ["0184.html"]], ["using <ns> to specify namespaces", ["0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0105.html", "0101.html", "0100.html"]], ["Work on Conformance by Christian and Felix", ["0231.html"]], ["Work on Conformance by Christian and me", ["0232.html"]], ["Your comment on bidi attributes in the ITS tagset", ["0020.html"]]], [["2005-10-19 18n its minutes", ["0074.html"]], ["[Bug 2556] syntax errors in markup", ["0164.html", "0118.html"]], ["[Bug 2557] namespace of attributes", ["0165.html", "0119.html"]], ["[Bug 2558] entry point for schemas", ["0166.html", "0129.html", "0127.html", "0121.html", "0120.html"]], ["[Bug 2618] Proposal for a \"translateAddinfo\" attribute", ["0167.html", "0162.html"]], ["[Bug 2619] Complexity of precedence rules for \"scope\" (or \"selectors\")", ["0168.html", "0160.html"]], ["[Bug 2620] Necessity of dislocated scope / selectors *and* insitu scope / selectors", ["0169.html", "0161.html"]], ["[Bug 2621] On conformance levels: Have a simple conformance: in situ, with default selectors", ["0170.html", "0163.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by GoutamSaha", ["0092.html", "0066.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509SpecExtensibility\" by ChristianLieske", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509SpecScoping\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0073.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509SpecScoping\" by ChristianLieske", ["0052.html", "0048.html", "0045.html", "0040.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0010.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509SpecScoping\" by fsasaki", ["0069.html", "0068.html", "0053.html", "0050.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0035.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509SpecScoping\" by MartinD\u00fcrst", ["0047.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509SpecScoping\" by YvesSavourel", ["0055.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0022.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0512CssConstraints\" by fsasaki", ["0155.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0512LocProperties\" by fsasaki", ["0154.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0512ReqVariables\" by YvesSavourel", ["0140.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0908LinguisticMarkup\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0056.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0908LinguisticMarkup\" by fsasaki", ["0075.html", "0051.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0908LinguisticMarkup\" by GoutamSaha", ["0172.html", "0171.html", "0158.html", "0157.html", "0151.html", "0147.html", "0146.html", "0145.html", "0144.html", "0143.html", "0141.html", "0138.html", "0137.html", "0136.html", "0135.html", "0134.html", "0133.html", "0132.html", "0131.html", "0125.html", "0124.html", "0122.html", "0116.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0109.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0102.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0082.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0067.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0054.html", "0049.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0908LinguisticMarkup\" by MartinD\u00fcrst", ["0046.html"]], ["Action item: summary of scope requirement", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html"]], ["Action Items from the face-to-face meeting", ["0139.html"]], ["Bengali Conjunct Ligature", ["0108.html"]], ["Bengali POS Tag Set", ["0159.html"]], ["Changes in the itstagset document (comments CL 1)", ["0098.html"]], ["Changes in the itstagset document (comments CL 2)", ["0099.html"]], ["Constraints and CSS", ["0156.html", "0152.html", "0150.html"]], ["Constraints Types and Values", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Effect of dir=\"lro\" on block elements", ["0130.html", "0128.html"]], ["I18N ITS minutes 2005-10-26", ["0086.html"]], ["i18n ITS working group 2005-11-16", ["0103.html"]], ["ITS: Constraints Types and Values", ["0038.html"]], ["Localization Properties", ["0153.html", "0149.html", "0148.html", "0142.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-10-05: ITS teleconference", ["0026.html", "0011.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-10-05: ITS teleconference - Correction", ["0012.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-11-02: ITS teleconference", ["0093.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-11-30: ITS teleconference", ["0126.html", "0123.html"]], ["Minutes i18n ITS WG 2005-11-09", ["0097.html"]], ["Minutes i18n its working group 2005-11-23", ["0115.html"]], ["Minutes ITS teleconf 2005-10-12", ["0057.html"]], ["Modern Equivalent Timezone", ["0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0081.html"]], ["Very, very, very nice!", ["0025.html"]], ["W3C India Conference", ["0101.html", "0100.html"]], ["Your Bugzilla password.", ["0117.html"]]], [["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqBackground\" by YvesSavourel", ["0057.html", "0011.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqCDATA\" by TimFoster", ["0113.html", "0109.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqCDATA\" by TimFoster)", ["0120.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqCDATA\" by YvesSavourel", ["0112.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqEntities\" by ChristianLieske", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqEntities\" by RichardIshida", ["0003.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqLangLocale\" by fsasaki", ["0080.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqLangLocale\" by YvesSavourel", ["0055.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqOverview\" by YvesSavourel", ["0059.html", "0013.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqSpan\" by fsasaki", ["0017.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqSpan\" by TimFoster", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqSpan\" by YvesSavourel", ["0131.html", "0064.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqTermIdentification\" by YvesSavourel", ["0077.html", "0015.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqWhoShouldRead\" by YvesSavourel", ["0058.html", "0012.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by ChristianLieske", ["0050.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by GoutamSaha", ["0137.html", "0125.html", "0116.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0005.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by YvesSavourel", ["0099.html", "0070.html", "0043.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqKeyDefinitions\" by YvesSavourel", ["0074.html", "0067.html", "0054.html", "0010.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqPurposeSpecMap\" by fsasaki", ["0110.html", "0079.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqPurposeSpecMap\" by YvesSavourel", ["0065.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqSoftwareResources\" by YvesSavourel", ["0062.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqTechWriter\" by YvesSavourel", ["0060.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqTermCreationTrans\" by YvesSavourel", ["0061.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505LimitImpact\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0028.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505LimitImpact\" by fsasaki", ["0034.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505LimitImpact\" by YvesSavourel", ["0118.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0087.html", "0053.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqAttrAndTrans\" by YvesSavourel", ["0088.html", "0045.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqNamingScheme\" by YvesSavourel", ["0117.html", "0107.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqUniqueID\" by fsasaki", ["0033.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqUniqueID\" by RichardIshida", ["0047.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqUniqueID\" by YvesSavourel", ["0071.html", "0052.html", "0044.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqWhiteSpaces\" by GoutamSaha", ["0132.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqWhiteSpaces\" by YvesSavourel", ["0119.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505Translatability\" by TimFoster", ["0046.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505Translatability\" by YvesSavourel", ["0051.html", "0049.html", "0016.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505WordCount\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0094.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqConstraints\" by YvesSavourel", ["0130.html", "0063.html", "0014.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqMultilingualDoc\" by YvesSavourel", ["0073.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqRuby\" by RichardIshida", ["0035.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509ReqNestedElements\" by YvesSavourel", ["0100.html", "0098.html", "0090.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509SpecExtensibility\" by YvesSavourel", ["0142.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0509SpecScoping\" by YvesSavourel", ["0143.html", "0141.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0908LinguisticMarkup\" by GoutamSaha", ["0148.html", "0146.html", "0145.html", "0140.html", "0139.html", "0136.html", "0134.html", "0133.html", "0122.html", "0121.html", "0111.html", "0108.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0908LinguisticMarkup\" by YvesSavourel", ["0101.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"itsHowTo\" by RichardIshida", ["0056.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2005-07-06", ["0008.html"]], ["[I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2005-08-31 and looking for scribes", ["0076.html"]], ["Bengali Writing Styles", ["0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0089.html"]], ["Defining i18n, l10n...", ["0037.html", "0027.html"]], ["definition of i18n", ["0147.html", "0129.html", "0128.html", "0127.html"]], ["Definition of l10n", ["0126.html"]], ["Face-to-Face Meeting Summary", ["0135.html"]], ["Fwd: Relaxed - new HTML validation service based on RELAX NG + Schematron", ["0036.html"]], ["I18N ITS minutes 2005-09-14", ["0124.html"]], ["ITS Teleconf - Wednesday Jul-06-2005 14:00 UTC", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Link for the minutes [I18N ITS] Teleconference Minutes 2005-07-06", ["0009.html"]], ["Minutes 2005 08 17 I18N ITS WG", ["0048.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-09-07: ITS teleconference", ["0095.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-09-28-i18n-ITS telefone conference", ["0144.html"]], ["Minutes I18N ITS Teleconf 2005-08-24 (with additional action item)", ["0066.html"]], ["Minutes I18N ITS Teleconference 2005 07 27", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Minutes of f2f meeting (revised)", ["0138.html"]], ["Minutes of ITS teleconf 13 July 2005", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Minutes of ITS teleconf 2005-07-21", ["0029.html"]], ["Purpose specification mapping - additional purpose", ["0075.html", "0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["ref: generalized scheme", ["0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0078.html"]], ["Ref: Generalized Scheme (3-tier schemas)", ["0085.html"]], ["Ref: its0504ReqCulturalAspects", ["0115.html", "0114.html"]], ["Requirements document update", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Tentative first approach for \"indicator of translatability\"", ["0123.html"]], ["Tim's comments on requirements doc.", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["today's teleconference", ["0072.html"]], ["Update of the Requirements draft", ["0024.html"]], ["What is not in the infoset", ["0081.html"]], ["XML-Tagged-Bangla Text", ["0086.html"]]], [["\"Primary language\" in GEO", ["0141.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqBackground\"", ["0020.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqBackground\" by YvesSavourel", ["0075.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqCDATA\" by ChristianLieske", ["0062.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqCDATA\" by fsasaki", ["0103.html", "0102.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqCDATA\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0095.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqCDATA\" by TimFoster", ["0307.html", "0117.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqCDATA\" by YvesSavourel", ["0120.html", "0093.html", "0073.html", "0052.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqContainerSize\"", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqContainerSize\" by ChristianLieske", ["0061.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqContainerSize\" by RichardIshida", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqEntities\"", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0000.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqEntities\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0316.html", "0253.html", "0252.html", "0251.html", "0083.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqEntities\" by ChristianLieske", ["0147.html", "0085.html", "0068.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqEntities\" by fsasaki", ["0255.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqEntities\" by YvesSavourel", ["0258.html", "0247.html", "0119.html", "0066.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqLangLocale\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0168.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqLangLocale\" by ChristianLieske", ["0157.html", "0069.html", "0063.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqLangLocale\" by fsasaki", ["0208.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqLangLocale\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0229.html", "0201.html", "0149.html", "0128.html", "0070.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqLangLocale\" by YvesSavourel", ["0067.html", "0053.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqOverview\" by RichardIshida", ["0278.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqOverview\" by YvesSavourel", ["0293.html", "0077.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqSpan\"", ["0019.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqSpan\" by RichardIshida", ["0032.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqSpan\" by TimFoster", ["0306.html", "0305.html", "0125.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqTermIdentification\"", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqTermIdentification\" by ChristianLieske", ["0159.html", "0064.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqTermIdentification\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0232.html", "0230.html", "0150.html", "0129.html", "0045.html", "0043.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqTermIdentification\" by YvesSavourel", ["0231.html", "0179.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqWhoShouldRead\" by fsasaki", ["0295.html", "0131.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0503ReqWhoShouldRead\" by YvesSavourel", ["0297.html", "0287.html", "0076.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504Glossary\" by ChristianLieske", ["0174.html", "0146.html", "0140.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504Glossary\" by fsasaki", ["0109.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by ChristianLieske", ["0158.html", "0065.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by fsasaki", ["0254.html", "0212.html", "0211.html", "0210.html", "0209.html", "0162.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0263.html", "0250.html", "0249.html", "0248.html", "0202.html", "0152.html", "0151.html", "0130.html", "0072.html", "0071.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqCulturalAspects\" by YvesSavourel", ["0054.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqKeyDefinitions\" by ChristianLieske", ["0139.html", "0136.html", "0126.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqKeyDefinitions\" by fsasaki", ["0132.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqKeyDefinitions\" by RichardIshida", ["0279.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqKeyDefinitions\" by YvesSavourel", ["0288.html", "0079.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqLinkedText\" by ChristianLieske", ["0164.html", "0078.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqLinkedText\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0302.html", "0301.html", "0300.html", "0156.html", "0155.html", "0154.html", "0153.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqLinkedText\" by RichardIshida", ["0074.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqLinkedText\" by YvesSavourel", ["0171.html", "0170.html", "0166.html", "0165.html", "0148.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqMultilangServer\" by ChristianLieske", ["0080.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqMultilangServer\" by fsasaki", ["0105.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqMultilangServer\" by YvesSavourel", ["0051.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqPurposeSpecMap\" by 194.39.131.40", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqPurposeSpecMap\" by ChristianLieske", ["0234.html", "0127.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqPurposeSpecMap\" by fsasaki", ["0110.html", "0106.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqSoftwareResources\" by fsasaki", ["0133.html", "0104.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqSoftwareResources\" by YvesSavourel", ["0172.html", "0137.html", "0111.html", "0047.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqTechWriter\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0101.html", "0082.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqTechWriter\" by ChristianLieske", ["0084.html", "0081.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqTechWriter\" by fsasaki", ["0207.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqTechWriter\" by RichardIshida", ["0100.html", "0099.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqTechWriter\" by YvesSavourel", ["0260.html", "0224.html", "0145.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0504ReqTermCreationTrans\" by YvesSavourel", ["0169.html", "0050.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505LimitImpact\" by fsasaki", ["0296.html", "0265.html", "0213.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505LimitImpact\" by YvesSavourel", ["0313.html", "0310.html", "0292.html", "0246.html", "0175.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqAttrAndTrans\" by ChristianLieske", ["0198.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqAttrAndTrans\" by YvesSavourel", ["0311.html", "0190.html", "0189.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqBidi\" by RichardIshida", ["0182.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqLocNotes\" by ChristianLieske", ["0303.html", "0196.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqLocNotes\" by YvesSavourel", ["0291.html", "0193.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqNamingScheme\" by ChristianLieske", ["0197.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqNamingScheme\" by fsasaki", ["0219.html", "0214.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqNamingScheme\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0203.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqNamingScheme\" by YvesSavourel", ["0294.html", "0218.html", "0192.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqRenderingInfo\" by YvesSavourel", ["0112.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqUniqueID\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0245.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqUniqueID\" by ChristianLieske", ["0275.html", "0199.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqUniqueID\" by fsasaki", ["0283.html", "0257.html", "0227.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqUniqueID\" by RichardIshida", ["0200.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqUniqueID\" by YvesSavourel", ["0298.html", "0243.html", "0205.html", "0188.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqWhiteSpaces\" by ChristianLieske", ["0195.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505ReqWhiteSpaces\" by YvesSavourel", ["0206.html", "0194.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505Translatability\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0259.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505Translatability\" by fsasaki", ["0215.html", "0181.html", "0180.html", "0161.html", "0134.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505Translatability\" by YvesSavourel", ["0312.html", "0290.html", "0282.html", "0242.html", "0241.html", "0237.html", "0235.html", "0191.html", "0163.html", "0144.html", "0122.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505WordCount\" by AndrzejZydron", ["0285.html", "0238.html", "0236.html", "0223.html", "0222.html", "0221.html", "0220.html", "0176.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505WordCount\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0204.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505WordCount\" by TimFoster", ["0178.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0505WordCount\" by YvesSavourel", ["0177.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqConstraints\" by fsasaki", ["0264.html", "0256.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqConstraints\" by YvesSavourel", ["0289.html", "0277.html", "0261.html", "0240.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqDateTime\" by RichardIshida", ["0281.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqMultilingualDoc\" by YvesSavourel", ["0228.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqRuby\" by MasakiItagaki", ["0284.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"its0506ReqRuby\" by RichardIshida", ["0304.html", "0280.html"]], ["[ESW Wiki] Update of \"itsHowTo\" by RichardIshida", ["0186.html", "0185.html", "0184.html"]], ["A Permissable use of user defined Entities", ["0027.html"]], ["ANNOUNCE: Open Language Tools", ["0276.html"]], ["CAM", ["0271.html", "0270.html", "0269.html", "0268.html", "0267.html", "0266.html"]], ["Changes to xmlspec", ["0226.html"]], ["Comment on its0504ReqPurposeSpecMap", ["0096.html"]], ["comments on various its reqs", ["0098.html"]], ["Describing other cultural aspects of the content", ["0318.html", "0317.html", "0055.html"]], ["DITA", ["0026.html"]], ["Double work?", ["0097.html"]], ["draft of requirement related to versioning", ["0014.html"]], ["Draft of the paper for the Extreme Markup Languages conference", ["0244.html"]], ["draft requirement related to 'purpose specification/mapping'", ["0321.html", "0028.html", "0025.html"]], ["Examples of ITS for slides", ["0309.html"]], ["existing approaches related to the identification of terms", ["0094.html"]], ["Glossary", ["0108.html"]], ["Identifying Language/Locale", ["0319.html"]], ["Improvements for Wiki notification", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["ITS Teleconf - Thursday Apr-14-2005 14:00 UTC", ["0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["ITS Teleconf - Thursday May-12-2005 14:00 UTC", ["0138.html", "0135.html", "0124.html", "0121.html"]], ["ITS Teleconf - Wednesday Jun-22-2005 14:00 UTC", ["0274.html", "0273.html"]], ["its0503ReqEntities", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Links to internal/external text", ["0315.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-04-05: ITS face-to-face meeting", ["0030.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-04-14: ITS teleconference", ["0046.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-04-21: ITS teleconference", ["0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-04-28: ITS teleconference", ["0107.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-05-05: ITS teleconference", ["0115.html", "0113.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-05-12: ITS teleconference", ["0143.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-05-25: ITS teleconference", ["0187.html", "0183.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-06-01: ITS teleconference", ["0225.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-06-08: ITS teleconference", ["0239.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-06-15: ITS teleconference", ["0262.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-06-22: ITS teleconference", ["0286.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-06-29: ITS teleconference", ["0308.html"]], ["Motion of Schema Languages for the i18n its group", ["0118.html", "0116.html", "0114.html"]], ["New version of the paper draft", ["0272.html"]], ["on NRL and NVDL", ["0173.html"]], ["On scribing", ["0123.html"]], ["On the notion of schema languages", ["0160.html"]], ["Participants of project review", ["0216.html"]], ["Rewrite of the Extreme Paper", ["0217.html"]], ["SPAM-LOW: \"Primary language\" in GEO", ["0142.html"]], ["TBX-Link example", ["0320.html", "0044.html"]], ["Version 4.1 of the Unicode Standard Released", ["0029.html"]], ["wiki", ["0031.html"]], ["Wiki usage", ["0038.html"]], ["Wikis again", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Word count page", ["0167.html"]], ["Work Items", ["0314.html", "0299.html"]], ["xml:tm", ["0018.html"]]], [["Allowed Characters", ["0022.html", "0015.html", "0005.html"]], ["draft of Requirement for span-like element", ["0042.html", "0040.html"]], ["draft of requirement related to entities", ["0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0059.html", "0056.html"]], ["Handling of user defined entities", ["0030.html"]], ["Indicator of container size", ["0037.html", "0034.html"]], ["Information for rendering", ["0039.html", "0032.html"]], ["Initial thoughts on \"Generic approach for Contraints\"", ["0043.html"]], ["ITS requirements categorization", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["ITS Use Case - Running Server Software in Multilingual environment", ["0055.html"]], ["ITS use Case - Software Resources", ["0054.html"]], ["ITS Use Case - Technical Writer Using an Authoring Tool", ["0052.html"]], ["ITS Use Case - Terminology Creation and Translation", ["0060.html"]], ["ITS Use Case - Terminology Harvesting and Translation", ["0057.html", "0053.html"]], ["ITS Work Items List", ["0051.html"]], ["Locale/Language identification", ["0049.html", "0035.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-02-10: ITS teleconference", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-02-24: ITS teleconference", ["0018.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-03-03: ITS teleconference", ["0033.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-03-10: ITS teleconference", ["0041.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-03-17: ITS teleconference", ["0050.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-03-24: ITS teleconference", ["0058.html"]], ["Minutes 2005-03-31: ITS teleconference", ["0071.html"]], ["new list", ["0000.html"]], ["Other possible areas to cover under ITS", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0016.html", "0008.html"]], ["Other possible areas to cover under ITS)", ["0036.html"]], ["References to UI messages in Documentation", ["0006.html"]], ["SPAM-LOW: Locale/Language identification", ["0038.html"]], ["tbx link example", ["0070.html"]], ["Term identification", ["0019.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0004.html"]], ["Term Identification: Requirement", ["0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["The <!CDATA issue", ["0047.html", "0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["Thoughts about localization properties, tag set, etc.", ["0048.html"]], ["Tim's comments on Requirements for localisable DTD design", ["0003.html"]], ["WiKi usage for ITS WG", ["0031.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0017.html", "0013.html"]], ["XML 2004 Localization Paper", ["0046.html"]]]]