[[["[External] Archive proposals to enhance Schema.org accepted and published", ["0001.html"]], ["Archive proposals to enhance Schema.org accepted and published", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0005.html"]]], [["Discussion of Archives proposal", ["0001.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["[archives-and-linked-data] Schema.org Archive/ArchiveComponent extensions in ArchiveGrid", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Proposal submitted to Schema.org", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Proposal submitted to Schema.org", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0000.html"]]], [["Digital assets", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Level property", ["0000.html"]]], [["inital model and extent model", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["W3C Questionnaire and TPAC session on Practices and Tooling for Web Data Standardization", ["0000.html"]]], [["Close to a proposal - a choice [via Schema Architypes Community Group]", ["0000.html"]], ["Proposal submitted to Schema.org", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Agreeing on archives proposal", ["0061.html", "0058.html", "0056.html"]], ["Alt Proposal discussions: ArchiveProperties vs ArchiveUnit", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["Extent property", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html", "0017.html"]], ["Level property", ["0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0022.html"]], ["Location in relation to archive contents", ["0038.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["Purpose", ["0031.html"]], ["Purpose and Extent", ["0060.html", "0059.html", "0057.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0040.html"]], ["Tweaks to the Archives proposal [via Schema Architypes Community Group]", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Tweaks to the Archives proposal [via Schema Architypes Community Group]", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Fwd: Updated Schema Architypes Straw Man Proposal", ["0005.html"]], ["Updated Schema Architypes Straw Man Proposal", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Archive Collection and Archived Item", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["ArchiveCollection Properties", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Update and Refresh [via Schema Architypes Community Group]", ["0000.html"]]], [["Discussion about previous proposal", ["0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Proposal to add ARCHON Number as a Wikidata property", ["0038.html", "0036.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Proposal to add ARCHON Number as a Wikidata property -- and a thought about ISCI", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]]], [["Will your Community Group meet during TPAC 2016?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Deadline Extension: WWW 2016 Developers Day CFP", ["0000.html"]], ["W3C invites W3C Community Groups to meet at TPAC 2016", ["0001.html"]]], [["A Straw Man Architypes Proposal", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Archive as a collection of things", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["First Schema.org extensions are live", ["0007.html"]], ["How to describe things in an archive collection?", ["0036.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Proposal for an 'Archive' Type", ["0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[schemaorg] Schema-Type for a journey (#674)", ["0007.html"]], ["Archive as a collection of things", ["0008.html"]], ["Proposal for an 'Archive' Type", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Welcome to the Architypes Community Group [via Schema Architypes Community Group]", ["0000.html"]], ["Working in the Wiki [via Schema Architypes Community Group]", ["0001.html"]]]]