[[["[Minutes] 2018-03-05", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-03-19", ["0003.html"]], ["Fun statistic", ["0000.html"]], ["Permissions & Obligations Expression Working Group now closed", ["0004.html"]], ["Vocab README", ["0002.html"]]], [["Just for the fun of it: ODRL 2.2 in EPUB", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Minutes of meeting, 2018-02-05", ["0000.html"]], ["ODRL in use", ["0002.html"]], ["ODRL is a Rec!", ["0001.html"]], ["ODRL Model - Japanese Translation", ["0003.html"]], ["ODRL news article", ["0004.html"]]], [["eat our own dogfood....", ["0006.html"]], ["Fwd: Funded PhD: Modelling and Monitoring of Norms/Policies (USI Lugano, Switzerland)", ["0005.html"]], ["Fwd: ODRL Information Model 2.2 and ODRL Vocabulary & Expression 2.2 are now W3C Proposed Recommendations", ["0001.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2018-01-15", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 2018-01-29", ["0007.html"]], ["Permissions & Obligations Expression Working Group Charter Extended", ["0000.html"]], ["possible error in OWL ORDL ontology?", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["Final Implementation Report published", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2017-12-11", ["0000.html"]]], [["Generic Rule Evaluation Flow diagrams", ["0000.html"]], ["Implementation Reports page updated", ["0011.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2017-11-13", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2017-11-27", ["0013.html"]], ["Next Teleconference", ["0012.html"]], ["TPAC 2017", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["6 Nov Teleconf cancelled", ["0040.html"]], ["Daylight Saving Time (DST) change --second half of 2017", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Evaluator page aligned with IM and Issues", ["0012.html"]], ["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time (DST) change --second half of 2017", ["0034.html"]], ["How to get the results of the Evaluator page?", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["IM of 10 October: new Duty Class definition - with errors", ["0028.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2017-10-02", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes, 2017-10-30", ["0039.html"]], ["Minutes of the call 2017-10-09", ["0022.html"]], ["Minutes of the meeting 2017-10-16", ["0029.html"]], ["Output (format) of the Implementation Report Input sheet", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-48: Create json-ld version of each turtle test case", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-51: Add test case metadata (dc:isreplacedby)", ["0002.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-52: Add test cases for Asset/Collection with parts", ["0011.html"]], ["Updated design of Implementation Results input sheet (Google)", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Where to put the Implementation Report HTML page?", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html"]]], [["[w3c/poe] Unsatisfiable consequence example (#275)", ["0083.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: ODRL Information Model; ODRL Vocabulary & Expression", ["0068.html"]], ["CR Exit Criteria", ["0022.html"]], ["CR Review Project", ["0069.html"]], ["Evaluator table - prohibition", ["0070.html"]], ["Example 22", ["0007.html"]], ["Example test results", ["0061.html"]], ["Inheritance and canonicalization", ["0024.html"]], ["Links in the CR Test Regime Github page", ["0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Meeting invitation: POE Constraints", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2017-09-11", ["0032.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2017-09-14", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Meeting minutes, 2017-09-04", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Minutes of call on Thu 14 September 2017", ["0034.html"]], ["Minutes of meeting, 2017-09-25...", ["0066.html"]], ["ODRL CR link to Editor's Draft", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0041.html", "0039.html"]], ["ODRL Implementation Report sheet - 1st steps", ["0056.html"]], ["ODRL Validator document - communication considerations", ["0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0050.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0040.html"]], ["ODRL Validator/Validator issues", ["0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["ODRL: SHACL requirements - draft", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Output (format) of the Implementation Report Input sheet", ["0082.html", "0078.html", "0077.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-47: Number all the sections/test cases in the validation webpage", ["0062.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-48: Create json-ld version of each turtle test case", ["0063.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-49: Add commentary to the test regime page as instructions for implementors", ["0064.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-50: Add identifiers to the evaluation webpage", ["0065.html"]], ["POE/ODRL Validator page issue", ["0071.html"]], ["POE/ODRL: suggested rephrasing of 2.6.8", ["0001.html"]], ["Quick Valid Question", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Review of the Evaluator Truth Tables of 5 September", ["0031.html"]], ["Showing two rounds/steps of evaluation in the Evaluator page", ["0067.html"]], ["Updated IM on \"processing rules\"", ["0033.html"]], ["Updated Implementation Report input sheet", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html"]], ["What exactly is stated by Non-/Active?", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["What exactly is stated by Non-/Active? @IM 9 Sept", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]]], [["\"active\" Rules - by michaelS' view", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Clarify the new proposal", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Meeting for 2017-08-28", ["0010.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 2017-08-21", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes of 2017-08-07", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes of meeting 2017-08-14", ["0003.html"]], ["PHP expert", ["0000.html"]], ["Remedies and consequences and failures", ["0002.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 03 July 2017", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 10 July 2017", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 17 July 2017", ["0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 24 July 2017", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 31 July 2017", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Fwd: [Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 17 July 2017", ["0006.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2017-07-31", ["0016.html"]], ["Moving towards CR/PR/REC", ["0017.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-46: Draft proposal for duty relations", ["0008.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 03 July 2017", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 05 June 2017", ["0011.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 12 June 2017", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 19 June 2017", ["0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 26 June 2017", ["0028.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 06 12", ["0021.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 06 26", ["0030.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017-06-05", ["0012.html"]], ["connection issues", ["0025.html"]], ["exit criteria/test cases examples", ["0027.html"]], ["Fwd: Meeting invitation: POE WG Weekly Telco", ["0029.html"]], ["How to update the Meetings table", ["0031.html"]], ["Issue 86", ["0035.html"]], ["Meeting invitation: POE WG Weekly Telco", ["0032.html"]], ["narrowerThan leftOperands", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["ODRL Evaluator Rules", ["0004.html", "0001.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-45: Draft text defining an odrl evaluator", ["0020.html"]], ["W3C Strategic Highlights - April 2017", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference -29 MAY 2017", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference -8 MAY 2017", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017-05-08", ["0005.html"]], ["Action Definitions", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["Call Monday 22 May - cancelled", ["0021.html"]], ["Deliverables diagram", ["0025.html", "0023.html"]], ["F2F", ["0020.html"]], ["F2F - Updated Model", ["0029.html", "0027.html", "0024.html"]], ["F2F London - minutes of 2nd day are missing", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["ODRL Deliverables Review - \"Kanban Project\"", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ODRL Evaluator Rules", ["0042.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-44: Send e-mail with relevant text for im describing the new relationships narrower and requires", ["0022.html"]], ["Some comments on the model", ["0019.html"]], ["Test suite skeleton", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 10 APRIL 2017", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 13 MARCH 2017", ["0031.html", "0029.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 24 APRIL 2017", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 3 APRIL 2017", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 04 03", ["0007.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 04 10", ["0014.html"]], ["An Old Note...", ["0006.html"]], ["Formal Semantics", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Meeting", ["0028.html"]], ["minutes on the POE Discussion on formal semantics", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["No call next week", ["0030.html", "0022.html"]], ["ODRL instant licence prov", ["0015.html"]], ["Test Suite thoughts", ["0021.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["WebEx meeting for tomorrow's Formal Semantics discussion", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 13 MARCH 2017", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 20 MARCH 2017", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 27 MARCH 2017", ["0022.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 3 APRIL 2017", ["0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 03 13", ["0011.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 03 20", ["0017.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 03 27", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Copyright and Technology blog post about ODRL wide review", ["0020.html", "0018.html"]], ["Formal Semantics", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Next conference call: 1230 GMT? = 1 hr later in Europe", ["0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["On the formal semantics", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-43: Check validation of vocab doc etc. and language tag (see issue 114 in gh)", ["0016.html"]], ["Privacy Considerations", ["0005.html"]], ["Synchronizing Github Issues with W3C Mailing Lists", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C Horizontal Security Review", ["0003.html"]], ["W3C POE WG - No Teleconference Next Week", ["0002.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 13 FEB 2017", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 20 FEB 2017", ["0009.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG - Teleconference 27 FEB 2017", ["0014.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference 06 FEB 2017", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016 02 16", ["0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 02 13", ["0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 02 27", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Action 25", ["0010.html"]], ["Email template", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Meeting minutes, 2017-02-20", ["0011.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-42: Contact groups listed at https://www.w3.org/2016/poe/charter#coordination", ["0019.html"]], ["The three documents have been published!", ["0012.html"]], ["Updated WDs now Published", ["0013.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference 16 JAN 2017", ["0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference 23 JAN 2017", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference 30 JAN 2017", ["0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference 9 JAN 2017", ["0000.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 01 16", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017 01 30", ["0030.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2017-01-09", ["0001.html"]], ["Embargo Time", ["0007.html"]], ["Example of action taken to solicit wide review", ["0025.html"]], ["Extended Relations", ["0011.html"]], ["Extended Relations + Constraints On Constraints proposal", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["How to proceed with proposed new specs of constraint names?", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Multiple Actions/Parties/Assets - inheritance", ["0005.html"]], ["On prohibitions living alone", ["0031.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-39: Generate some use cases the show problems with dependencies", ["0022.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-40: Find example of wide review e-mail text", ["0023.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-41: Look into accessible svg version of the model diagram", ["0024.html"]], ["Policy-level Assets/Parties/Actions", ["0004.html"]], ["Review of ODRL Information Model ED", ["0033.html", "0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["Unit of count (revisited)", ["0034.html", "0032.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG \"Virtual F2F\" Teleconference 3 DEC 2016", ["0001.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference 12 DEC 2016", ["0005.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-12-12", ["0009.html"]], ["Minutes of 6 hour call on 5 December", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0002.html"]], ["No Meeting today", ["0013.html"]], ["Policy improvement", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Proposal to change the Constraint specification in the Ontology", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Regrets 12th Dec", ["0008.html"]], ["Update on the Constraints changes draft page", ["0000.html"]], ["Wide Review", ["0012.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (07 NOV 2016)", ["0010.html", "0004.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (14 NOV 2016)", ["0040.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (21 NOV 2016)", ["0066.html", "0056.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (28 NOV 2016)", ["0067.html"]], ["[SPF] Unit-Of-Count", ["0077.html"]], ["About a more strict definition of Constraint", ["0050.html", "0047.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0015.html", "0011.html"]], ["BSIG UC update", ["0012.html"]], ["Cite extension for wiki?", ["0016.html"]], ["Constraint call 15 November - MS' input", ["0053.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Documents for modifying Constraint and its Left Operands", ["0058.html"]], ["Extended Relations (revisited)", ["0069.html"]], ["Fwd: (Forward to others) Meeting invitation: POE Constraints - WebEx data", ["0052.html"]], ["Fwd: On complex constraints", ["0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["March F2F choices survey", ["0055.html"]], ["name/leftOperand/rightOperand/.. inconsistent definitions", ["0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["odrl exit criteria", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["ODRL Implementation Survey", ["0073.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0048.html"]], ["ODRL policy semantics test", ["0059.html", "0057.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-36: Submit use cases about extended relations", ["0007.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-37: Set up wbs to help decide f2f venue", ["0009.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-10 (satisfiability of constraints):", ["0030.html", "0028.html", "0022.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-10 (satisfiability of constraints): What does it mean for permissions/prohibitions/duties if their constraint(s) are (un)satisfied? [POE - Constraints]", ["0018.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-11 (parties of perm/proh): Does every permission/prohibition need to have both an assignee & assigner? [POE - Information Model]", ["0020.html"]], ["possible regrets for today", ["0062.html"]], ["Reassessing applicability of (legacy) concepts", ["0000.html"]], ["Regrets for today", ["0064.html", "0063.html"]], ["Royalty agreements?", ["0005.html"]], ["Teleconf Meeting minutes and issues", ["0054.html"]], ["Unit-Of-Count", ["0076.html", "0075.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0068.html"]], ["Update on the Constraints changes draft page", ["0078.html", "0074.html", "0072.html"]], ["Updated Constraint Example", ["0065.html"]], ["Virtual F2F Meeting (5 Dec)", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (10 OCT 2016)", ["0009.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (17 OCT 2016)", ["0038.html", "0031.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (24 OCT 2016)", ["0064.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0055.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (31 OCT 2016)", ["0071.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-10-03 Minutes and more", ["0005.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-10-10", ["0025.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-10-24 Incl. *Time change next week*", ["0070.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-10-31", ["0074.html"]], ["[Minutes][2016-10-17", ["0039.html"]], ["Another approach to the non-reification problem...", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["BISG Use Cases", ["0051.html", "0047.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions (Update): ODRL Information Model; ODRL Vocabulary & Expression", ["0058.html"]], ["Closed Actions", ["0054.html"]], ["Complex Constraints", ["0033.html"]], ["Duty Unit Constraint", ["0063.html", "0049.html"]], ["Extended Relations", ["0032.html"]], ["Minor ODRL update", ["0044.html"]], ["ODRL XML Encoding", ["0046.html", "0043.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-30: Can we only have a json-ld serialisation? will it impact righstml?", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-32: Write to antoine as heads up for renato's mail", ["0002.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-33: Write to antoine asking for example that odrl can't handle", ["0007.html", "0003.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-34: Update ucr according to today's discussion", ["0004.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-35: Write virtualf2f agenda", ["0073.html"]], ["Reassessing applicability of (legacy) concepts", ["0072.html", "0069.html", "0061.html"]], ["Resolution 23", ["0050.html", "0048.html"]], ["Scope in the ODRL Model", ["0042.html"]], ["Status of POE.R.DM.06 \"Support relative time constraints\"", ["0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["Status of POE.R.DM.09 \"Complex Constraints\"", ["0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["Status of POE.R.V.03?", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Status of POE.R.V.08?", ["0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["The crazy 'qualified' idea:-)", ["0035.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0024.html"]], ["TPAC/Reqs summary", ["0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["Tracking Actions", ["0045.html"]], ["UC links?", ["0059.html", "0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["Virtual F2F, choosing the date - pls complete the Doodle", ["0006.html"]], ["Virtual F2F, choosing the date - pls complete the Doodle)", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (03 OCT 2016)", ["0058.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (05 September 2016)", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (12 September 2016)", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-09-23", ["0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["Another approach to the non-reification problem...", ["0057.html", "0055.html"]], ["F2F Meeting", ["0040.html"]], ["F2F raw minutes 22-09-2016", ["0046.html"]], ["Flipchart Images", ["0056.html"]], ["Meeting minutes, 2016-09-12", ["0029.html"]], ["Naming the standard", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["ODRL Information Model - editors update (6 Sept 2016)", ["0004.html"]], ["On complex constraints", ["0047.html"]], ["One by one, but not in bulk", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-22: Write use cases(s) for versioning needs", ["0041.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-23: Please read section 4.5 of the information model to see if one duty applies to multiple permissions", ["0042.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-24: Change name of properties with same name (with lowercase letter) of associated class", ["0043.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-25: Provide an example of how good relations vocab support 'unit-of-count'", ["0044.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-26: See property naming suggestions on page 3087 in http://subs.emis.de/lni/proceedings/proceedings220/3081.pdf", ["0045.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-27: Review info model to support \"annotation model\" style examples", ["0048.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-28: Define a new regulation policy type", ["0049.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-29: Ask wg/cg - who is using plain xml?", ["0050.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-30: Can we only have a json-ld serialisation? will it impact righstml?", ["0051.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-31: Propose date/time for the virtual meeting in nov/dec", ["0052.html"]], ["TPAC - WG Overview slides", ["0039.html"]], ["W3C POE WG Teleconference (05 September 2016)", ["0003.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (08 August 2016)", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (15 August 2016)", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (22 August 2016)", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (29 August 2016)", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-08-22", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["F2F @ TPAC", ["0027.html"]], ["Meeting minutes, 2016-08-01", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes of meeting, 2016-08-08", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Pay Per Use", ["0003.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-20: Provide a list", ["0000.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-21: Speak to ben on this use case", ["0001.html"]], ["UC Requirements Summary", ["0021.html"]], ["Using W3C Time Ontology for Relative Time Constraint", ["0008.html"]], ["W3C POE WG Teleconference (29 August 2016)", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (01 August 2016)", ["0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (18 July 2016)", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (25 July 2016)", ["0041.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-07-04 - prepare to vote next week", ["0006.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-07-11", ["0022.html", "0019.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-07-18", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0027.html"]], ["AW: Regrets for POE Telecon on 4th July", ["0005.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: ODRL Information Model; ODRL Vocabulary & Expression", ["0039.html"]], ["Meeting minutes [25 Jul 2016]", ["0045.html"]], ["ODRL Info Model - Editors Draft", ["0000.html"]], ["ODRL Vocabulary & Expression", ["0026.html", "0020.html"]], ["POE F22 meeting at TPAC - WebEx", ["0010.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-15: Create new UC(s) to show the need for the ability to define categories of licensees and categories of assets", ["0001.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-16: Create new UC(s) to show the need for the ability to specify a fee within and outside the POE expressio", ["0043.html", "0042.html", "0002.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-17: Update ucr editor's draft as discussed", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-18: Work with ben on improving ucs 9 and 14", ["0018.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-19: Break down into lower level ucs", ["0044.html"]], ["Publication request: 3 FPWDs", ["0040.html", "0036.html", "0031.html"]], ["Regrets for 18 + 25 July, + 1 August", ["0021.html"]], ["Regrets for POE Telecon on 4th July", ["0003.html"]], ["Use cases from BDE Project", ["0004.html"]], ["Vocab Publication problems", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Vocab Publication problems)", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Voting on FPWD Deliverables", ["0023.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (13 June 2016)", ["0020.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (20 June 2016)", ["0028.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (27 June 2016)", ["0031.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (6 June 2016)", ["0003.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-05-30", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-06-06", ["0011.html", "0006.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-06-13", ["0022.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-06-20", ["0033.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-06-27", ["0034.html"]], ["Call 13 June - apologies", ["0019.html"]], ["Comments on one requirement", ["0036.html", "0032.html"]], ["Fwd: facilitating requirement cross references in the ucr document", ["0005.html"]], ["ISSUE-8: Should requirements be limited to those that we plan to fulfill?", ["0021.html"]], ["Likely Regrets for POE Telecon on 20th June", ["0027.html"]], ["POE Requirements: already a draft for a solution?", ["0018.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-12: Write up rob atkinson's use case", ["0024.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-13: Add requirement", ["0030.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-14: Create new UC(s) to show the need for expressing explicitly to what a constraint applies.", ["0035.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-15: Create new UC(s) to show the need for the ability to define categories of licensees and categories of assets", ["0037.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-16: Create new UC(s) to show the need for the ability to specify a fee within and outside the POE expressio", ["0038.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-4 (HorizontalReview): Horizontal Review of Deliverables", ["0007.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-5 (Conformance): Conformance of ODRL", ["0008.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-6 (Profiles): ODRL Profiles", ["0009.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-7 (LicenceMapping): Guidelines for mapping ODRL to Instant Licenses", ["0010.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-9 (BestPractice): Development of an ODRL Best Practices NOTE", ["0023.html"]], ["POE: question regarding use case UC.04", ["0000.html"]], ["Questions re POE.UC.01", ["0004.html"]], ["Regrets for Monday 20th", ["0025.html"]], ["Regrets for POE Telecon on 20th June", ["0029.html"]], ["Requirements for Policy Bundle and Use Bundle?", ["0039.html"]], ["Talk about comments on requirements", ["0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["What the Requirements Editors would like to discuss on Monday, 20 June", ["0026.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (16 May 2016)", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (23 May 2016)", ["0019.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (30 May 2016)", ["0023.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (9 May 2016)", ["0001.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-05-16", ["0016.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-05-23", ["0020.html"]], ["[Minutes] POE WG 2016-05-09", ["0007.html"]], ["Decision Making process", ["0009.html"]], ["Fwd: Call For Participation: Blockchains and the Web Workshop, 29\u201330 June", ["0000.html"]], ["Licence Picker", ["0022.html", "0011.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-10: Initiate a conversation on list to resolve what the alternative names might be", ["0014.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-11: Add a template use case", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-9: Add issues related to moving to one spec", ["0005.html"]], ["POE: question on a Use Case", ["0010.html", "0006.html", "0003.html"]], ["POE: question regarding use case UC.04", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Questions re POE.UC.01", ["0021.html"]], ["TPAC 2016 Registration Now Open", ["0008.html"]]], [["[Agenda] 2016-04-11", ["0013.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (11 April 2016)", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (18 April 2016)", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0034.html", "0031.html"]], ["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (25 April 2016)", ["0046.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-04-04", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-04-11", ["0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-04-18", ["0044.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-04-25", ["0049.html"]], ["apologies for next 2 calls", ["0009.html"]], ["F2F @ TPAC", ["0050.html"]], ["FYI: F2F Meeting Invite", ["0022.html"]], ["ISSUE-1: The number of times we need to refer to the target", ["0003.html"]], ["Next Teleconference 9 May 2016", ["0051.html"]], ["Permissions and obligations for language resources.", ["0023.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-1: Provide use case from research and education domain", ["0000.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-2: Go to the odrl cg to ask for use cases", ["0001.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-3: Gather use cases from bigdataeurope project", ["0002.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-4: Write use case from VRE project about time limited restrictions and metadata", ["0008.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-5: Provide 2 use cases from upm", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0020.html", "0015.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-6: Write to sdw wg for use cases", ["0016.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-7: Provide use cases on financial data", ["0017.html"]], ["poe-ACTION-8: Add more example use cases for poe.uc.01", ["0043.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-2 (UseCase): Use Cases", ["0010.html"]], ["poe-ISSUE-3 (DeliverablesPaln): Deliverables Work Plan", ["0011.html"]], ["Questions re POE.UC.01", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0045.html"]], ["REC Track Deliverables: Editors", ["0052.html"]], ["UCR doc skeleton", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Use Cases page updated", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["V2 Requirements", ["0006.html"]], ["W3C Document Licence etc.", ["0038.html", "0037.html"]]], [["[Agenda] W3C POE WG Teleconference (4 April 2016)", ["0020.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-03-17", ["0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2016-03-24", ["0016.html"]], ["choosing a scribe for our weekly calls", ["0017.html"]], ["Meeting timings, regular and this week", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Poll for regular time slot", ["0009.html"]], ["Teleconference Agenda (Thu 24 March)", ["0018.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Use Case template - draft", ["0019.html"]], ["Welcome to POE", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["What W3C is saying about EME and DRM", ["0011.html"]]], [["Permissions & Obligations Expression Working Group Charter Approved; join the group (Call for Participation)", ["0000.html"]]]]