[[["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0000.html"]]], [["Specification status", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0005.html"]]], [["\ud83d\udd25The basic binary options trading strategies", ["0000.html"]]], [["HBSS status", ["0000.html"]]], [["[webinar] how web apps could benefit from secure elements ?", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["GlobalPlatform webinar on accessing secure element is on line", ["0003.html"]]], [["GlobalPlatform - Trusted Management Framework", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Open Trust Protocol", ["0000.html"]]], [["[hb-secure-services] eIDAS - Problem Solved", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[hb-secure-services] vs Web Authentication", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["EMVCo & FIDO Alliance develops mobile payment support", ["0005.html"]], ["Estonia turns to \"App\" eID", ["0004.html"]], ["Web2Native Bridge - Progress Report", ["0003.html"]]], [["[W3C HBSS CG] news from our report", ["0001.html"]], ["Invention Disclosure - Payment Authorization System", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Mozilla introduced a native app interface (and some more)", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[hardware based secure services CG] Final review of the report", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[HBSS CG] Moving towards hardware being accessible from browser", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[HBSS CG] WebUSB security rationale", ["0004.html"]], ["[w3c web security IG] minutes of our lisbon F2F meeting on monday 19th of September", ["0009.html"]], ["DRM protest timed with TPAC 2016", ["0007.html"]], ["W3C hardware based secure services CG - our F2F meeting on 19th of Sept", ["0000.html"]], ["Web IG slides for TPAC meeting", ["0008.html"]]], [["[hardware based secure services CG] minutes of our call today", ["0000.html"]], ["[hb-secure-services] TPAC - Which Day?", ["0005.html"]], ["[W3C hardware-based secure services IG] our report, prototypes and next meeting", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["IETF draft: Open Trust Protocol for TEEs", ["0003.html"]], ["Native Messaging - Browser implementation status report", ["0001.html"]], ["Summer reported activity [via Hardware Based Secure Services Community Group]", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[hardware based secure services CG]", ["0011.html"]], ["[hardware based secure services CG] meeting during next TPAC in Lisbon ? survey until 8th of July", ["0001.html"]], ["[hardware based secure services CG] minutes of our call today", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["[hardware based secure services CG] our call today", ["0012.html"]], ["[hardware based secure services CG] short status call", ["0015.html"]], ["[Hardware-based Secure Services CG] Report", ["0008.html"]], ["[hardware-based-secure-services CG] our next discussions rounds", ["0010.html"]], ["[HW-security] Dealing with SOP", ["0009.html"]], ["Native Messaging @ Web Payment WG", ["0002.html"]], ["Our call today", ["0004.html"]], ["Our call today --> agenda", ["0006.html"]], ["Spring report activity [via Hardware Based Secure Services Community Group]", ["0000.html"]], ["TPAC 2016 opportunities and events - Registration and *hotel booking* reminder", ["0003.html"]], ["W3C hardware based secure services CG - regular call", ["0005.html"]], ["Web to App developments at Samsung", ["0007.html"]]], [["[hardware based secure services CG] meeting during next TPAC in Lisbon ? survey until 8th of July", ["0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["[hardware based secure services CG] Our next call is tuesday 28th of June @ 14:00", ["0019.html"]], ["[hardware based secure services] minutes from 1st of June call", ["0010.html"]], ["[hardware-based secure services CG] back to work :)", ["0020.html"]], ["[hardware-based secure services CG] Chair take away and detailed minutes of 28th of june meeting", ["0021.html"]], ["[hardware-based secure services CG] our next call on the 28th of June ? please confirm its okay (or not)", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["[hardware-based secure services CG] today's call : informal take away from the chair", ["0011.html"]], ["[hardware-based secure services CG] when will we be ready to move to a WG ?", ["0018.html"]], ["[hardware-based secure services] Agenda and call details today", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[HBSS CG] our next conf call is this thursday @ 14:00 UTC", ["0005.html"]], ["[HBSS CG] survey for organizing the next call on 16th of June @14:00 UTC", ["0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[HBSS CG] Take away from our recent call", ["0000.html"]], ["Apple's take on Hardware Security for Web Payments", ["0016.html"]], ["AW: [hardware-based secure services CG] our next call on the 28th of June ? please confirm its okay (or not)", ["0017.html"]], ["AW: [HBSS CG] survey for organizing the next call on 16th of June @14:00 UTC", ["0003.html"]], ["New label to create issues on websec", ["0007.html"]], ["Public Review: Web API For Accessing Secure Element", ["0006.html"]]], [["[hardware based secure services CG] First working document", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["[hardware based secure services CG] our next call on the 1rst of June", ["0004.html"]], ["[Hardware Based Secure Services CG] please fill the doodle for our next call", ["0003.html"]], ["[Hardware Based Secure Services] about web authentication API", ["0008.html"]], ["[Hardware-based Secure Services CG] report of the workshop is available", ["0000.html"]], ["[HB secure services CG] our next call", ["0002.html"]], ["[hb-secure-services CG] Our meeting tomorrow : agenda and call details", ["0011.html"]], ["[hb-secure-services IG] lets confirm the relevance of our technical features !", ["0010.html"]], ["Initial workshop report [via Hardware Based Secure Services Community Group]", ["0001.html"]], ["removing keygen from HTML", ["0012.html", "0009.html"]]], [["[hardware based secure services CG] our irc details", ["0014.html"]], ["[Hardware Based Secure Services IG] some topics to discuss", ["0016.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["[hardware based secure services] conference ID", ["0015.html"]], ["[hb secure services CG] about next week workshop : attendees", ["0019.html"]], ["[HB-secure services CG] informal chair take away from our call", ["0018.html"]], ["[hb-secure-services CG] minutes of workshop, day 2", ["0024.html"]], ["CG Working Meeting, 26-27 April, London, UK [via Hardware Based Secure Services Community Group]", ["0003.html"]], ["Draft minutes of today's workshop", ["0023.html"]], ["Introduction", ["0020.html"]], ["Lets kick off the CG a call on thursday 21 April @ 13:00 UTC", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Minutes CG call on thursday 21 April", ["0017.html"]], ["Our workshop details today (starting now)", ["0022.html"]], ["Our worshop tomorrow in london", ["0021.html"]], ["Welcome in the hardware based secure services !", ["0004.html"]]]]