[[["- Bliss Symbolics examples from EA", ["0008.html"]], ["ACTION-53: And janina to reread the explainer. gramer, spelling and does it explain what we are doing", ["0000.html"]], ["ACTION-56: Research correct term", ["0011.html"]], ["Concatenation / Conjugation with symbols", ["0014.html"]], ["copy-write question", ["0006.html"]], ["example for conjugation with Bliss", ["0009.html"]], ["first look at new version", ["0013.html"]], ["Fwd: Personalization content module updated", ["0010.html"]], ["grammar rules in Bliss", ["0005.html"]], ["Personalization content module updated", ["0012.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Minutes 04, May 2020", ["0003.html"]], ["Recap of Monday's Call - Bliss Symbolics & data-symbol attribute", ["0004.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 11th May 2020", ["0007.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 4th May 2020", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["ACTION-50: Remove section-*** from our spec", ["0004.html"]], ["ACTION-51: Respond to https://github.com/w3c/personalization-semantics/issues/135", ["0005.html"]], ["ACTION-52: How do google filter ditesning content, do they on tag?", ["0010.html"]], ["ACTION-53: And janina to reread the explainer. gramer, spelling and does it explain what we are doing", ["0018.html"]], ["ACTION-54: Identify words that need more info", ["0023.html"]], ["ACTION-55: Try and take on the internationalization issues https://github.com/w3c/personalization-semantics/issues?q=is%3aissue+is%3aopen+label%3ai18n-needs-resolution", ["0024.html"]], ["Are people available for a call tomorrow?", ["0007.html"]], ["Decision on CfC (CORRECTED): Move to using Zoom for APA Teleconferences", ["0000.html"]], ["explainer", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["explainer and requirments", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for Personalization TF - April 23, 2020", ["0019.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for Personalization TF - April 27, 2020", ["0025.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Minutes 4/6/20", ["0006.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 4/13/20", ["0011.html"]], ["requirements feedback", ["0020.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 13th April 2020", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 20th April 2020", ["0016.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 27th April 2020", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 6th April 2020", ["0002.html"]], ["Zoom coordinates for Personalization telecons", ["0001.html"]]], [["ACTION-45: Adress tag responce restucture the explainer", ["0009.html"]], ["ACTION-46: Respond to internationalize issue https://github.com/w3c/personalization-semantics/issues/133", ["0010.html"]], ["ACTION-47: Respond to issue 76 - https://github.com/w3c/personalization-semantics/issues/76", ["0011.html"]], ["ACTION-48: Respond to https://github.com/w3ctag/design-reviews/issues/476", ["0012.html"]], ["ACTION-49: Finalize https://github.com/w3c/personalization-semantics/issues/42", ["0013.html"]], ["actions update", ["0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["Additional Proposed Responses to I18N review", ["0016.html"]], ["comment from the TAG", ["0005.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Move to using Zoom for APA Teleconferences", ["0027.html"]], ["Draft response for Issue 133", ["0021.html"]], ["Draft response to first question of I18N review", ["0015.html"]], ["Fixes for GitHub issue #125", ["0022.html"]], ["I18N Self Review submitted", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Internationalization WG Feedback", ["0004.html"]], ["Meeting minutes of March 30, 2020", ["0026.html"]], ["Note the time: The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 16th March 2020", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force meeting minutes for March 2, 2020", ["0001.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Minutes", ["0014.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 3/23/20", ["0020.html"]], ["please assign yourself three issues", ["0006.html"]], ["regrets", ["0000.html"]], ["requirement document - are we missing updates", ["0023.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 23 rd March 2020", ["0018.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 30 th March 2020", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["working on the explainer", ["0028.html"]]], [["ACTION-38: Contact i18n chairs asking about normative documents only vs. supporting document (cc michael and janina.", ["0002.html"]], ["ACTION-39: Make text for tag issue review", ["0022.html"]], ["ACTION-40: Make the draft request for review of explainer and module 1 from tag", ["0023.html"]], ["ACTION-41: Add and modify bullet 2.1 @ https://github.com/w3c/personalization-semantics/issues/131", ["0024.html"]], ["ACTION-42: Write issue ofr in https://w3c.github.io/i18n-drafts/techniques/shortchecklist", ["0035.html"]], ["ACTION-43: Send https://lists.w3.org/archives/public/public-privacy/ review", ["0036.html"]], ["ACTION-44: Find out were we send ping review", ["0039.html", "0037.html"]], ["data-simplification=\"low\" for atmospheric images?", ["0031.html"]], ["Does our specification allow downgrading default security characteristics?", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["draft issue for TAG", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["janina's email responce", ["0001.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force meeting minutes", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting minutes of February 10, 2020", ["0025.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting minutes of February 24 2020", ["0038.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Monday March 2nd", ["0041.html"]], ["Reminder no meeting this Monday Feb17th", ["0030.html"]], ["Request for a security and privacy review of the personalization Semantics\u00a0Explainer\u00a0and\u00a0\u00a0Module 1", ["0040.html"]], ["Special Thematic Session at ICCHP on Cognitive Disabilities", ["0015.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 10th February 2020", ["0021.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 24th February 2020", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Three Personalization Documents Seeking Review", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0000.html"]], ["Update on", ["0032.html"]]], [["[TIME SENSITIVE] 48 hours left for Verifiable Credentials charter vote", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["ACTION-28: Add the usecases from the wiki into requirments also add editors note to the other section(", ["0004.html"]], ["ACTION-29: Do exectiv summary of imilemtion", ["0005.html"]], ["ACTION-30: Make draft of impelemtion options to be an appandenix in the requirments doc (draft can be in a new page in the wiki)", ["0006.html"]], ["ACTION-30: Technology Comparison Summary", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["ACTION-31: Write-up non-goals due jan 13, 2020", ["0007.html"]], ["ACTION-32: Write-up non-goals due jan 13 2020", ["0008.html"]], ["ACTION-33: Write-up stakeholders content too", ["0009.html"]], ["ACTION-34: Label issues and start to reply (when possible) or bring back issues", ["0010.html"]], ["ACTION-35: Check with alister the deadlines work", ["0048.html"]], ["ACTION-36: Make wiki page for dessimination", ["0049.html"]], ["Clarification on action item", ["0025.html", "0023.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Grant updated working draft publication rights to our Task Forces", ["0063.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Publish 3 Personalization TF Documents", ["0039.html"]], ["Explainer and Content Module published", ["0062.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Explainer Informative sections and new 1.4 section added", ["0037.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes - January 27", ["0050.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 01/06/20", ["0011.html"]], ["Meeting next Monday (US Holiday?)", ["0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Mental Health, Videos and Personalization", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force Meeting Minutes", ["0030.html"]], ["PING Security / Privacy review", ["0000.html"]], ["reminder no call today", ["0038.html"]], ["Requirements document updated but not reflected in GitHub.io", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Security / Privacy Review", ["0024.html"]], ["Stakeholders", ["0022.html"]], ["summary of implementation considerations", ["0021.html"]], ["TAG Explainer", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 13th January 2020", ["0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 27th May 2020", ["0047.html", "0040.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 6th January 2020", ["0002.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday Feb 3 2020", ["0066.html"]], ["Three Personalization Documents Seeking Review", ["0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Updated Requirements document", ["0033.html"]], ["Updated Wide Review Announcement", ["0046.html"]]], [["4 definitions for distractions", ["0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["7 day Call for Consensus (CfC) to the personalization task force to go to Wide Review of Explainer and Module 1 Adaptable Content", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["ACTION-26: Draft these new defintion", ["0001.html"]], ["ACTION-27: Add changes", ["0015.html"]], ["definitions for overlay", ["0014.html"]], ["Explainer Edits", ["0017.html"]], ["Minutes: Dec. 2, 2019", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["new introduction", ["0007.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 12/09/19", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 12/16/19", ["0016.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 16th December 2019", ["0013.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 2nd December 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 9th December 2019", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Updates to Explainer and Module 1 Adaptable Content (Distractions)", ["0018.html"]], ["use-cases in the explainer", ["0012.html"]]], [["Action #12 - review of distraction", ["0011.html"]], ["ACTION-17: Change destination help from go to navigates to.", ["0000.html"]], ["ACTION-18: Make the change in the help module.", ["0001.html"]], ["ACTION-19: Compare the tags explainer requirements with out explainer and send an email to the list if discrepancies are found.", ["0002.html"]], ["ACTION-20: Do security review https://w3ctag.github.io/security-questionnaire/#purpose", ["0008.html"]], ["ACTION-21: Will change distraction advertisement to offer and update the description.", ["0015.html"]], ["ACTION-22: Will update definitions in the main module and table.", ["0016.html"]], ["ACTION-23: Update auto-updating definition to this new definition.", ["0017.html"]], ["ACTION-25: Update def. for chat: proposal: an embedded real-time communication that may or may not be initiated by the user. \u00a0this includes but is not limited to webrtc.", ["0018.html"]], ["Draft Edit: We need personalization because...", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["IMPORTANT: The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday the 11th of November 2019", ["0007.html"]], ["Minutes from November 25 meeting", ["0022.html"]], ["Personalization Minutes 11/04/19", ["0003.html"]], ["Personalization TF 11/18/2019 Meeting minutes", ["0019.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Today November 25", ["0020.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 11/11/2019", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes from November 18", ["0021.html"]], ["Reminder: Review the explainer (and wiki page for notes)", ["0013.html"]], ["TAG Review", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 18th November 2019", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday the 11th of November 2019", ["0006.html"]]], [["[CSSWG][css-contain] PR of CSS Containment Module Level 1; FPWD of Level 2", ["0014.html"]], ["[minutes] Personalization TF 2019-10-28", ["0027.html"]], ["Action #12 - review of distraction", ["0022.html"]], ["Action items", ["0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["ACTION-12: Review distraction and clean up proposal", ["0005.html"]], ["ACTION-13: find more value duplicates from https://raw.githack.com/w3c/personalization-semantics/rewrite-prototype/content/index.html#values", ["0013.html", "0006.html"]], ["ACTION-14: Respond to sailesh email of oct. 11 and ask for use case to help us understand the request", ["0016.html"]], ["ACTION-15: Get link on firefox", ["0025.html"]], ["ACTION-16: See were duplicates are done and were names can be less error prone", ["0026.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 21st October 2019", ["0015.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 4th November 2019", ["0030.html"]], ["branch for the the changes for simplification", ["0029.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for October 21, 2019", ["0017.html"]], ["Minutes from TPAC", ["0000.html"]], ["Missing Attrinute in Semantics document", ["0009.html"]], ["Note the time..... The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 29th October 2019", ["0020.html"]], ["Personalization Minutes [10/07/19]", ["0007.html"]], ["Simplification use-cases", ["0028.html"]], ["simplification\u00a0in the draft", ["0023.html", "0011.html", "0008.html"]], ["Suggestion for \"action\" value: section 3.1.4", ["0018.html", "0012.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 7th October 2019", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["time tables", ["0024.html"]], ["TPAC Followup: W3C I18N & Accessibility; ISO 639 language codes", ["0001.html"]], ["wcag time lines", ["0010.html"]]], [["AOM with APA at TPAC?", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 30th September 2019", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Cross pollination", ["0000.html"]], ["Fwd: [w3c/personalization-semantics] Mozilla/Firefox Initial Version of Personalization Semantic Demo (#128)", ["0017.html"]], ["Fwd: Action needed: first review of the TPAC 2019 unconference", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Minutes from TPAC Personalization Plenary Day Breakout session", ["0013.html"]], ["No call today", ["0010.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 9/30/19", ["0020.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 9/9/19 (TPAC Prep)", ["0006.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 23 September 2019", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 8th September 2019", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["W3C I18N & Accessibility; ISO 639 language codes", ["0002.html"]]], [["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 26th August 2019", ["0024.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday August 12, 2019", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Call for Consensus (CfC) to the personalization task force\u00a0with regard to symbol - open until 23:59 (Midnight) Boston Time,\u00a0the 14 th of August.", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["copy-write question", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Fwd: Technical demos at TPAC'19 Plenary Day", ["0015.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes from August 19, 2019", ["0019.html"]], ["Minutes from August 5 meeting", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes: APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday August 12, 2019", ["0014.html"]], ["Personalization Minutes 8/26/19", ["0028.html"]], ["survey for devlopers", ["0009.html"]], ["Technical demos at TPAC'19 Plenary Day", ["0016.html"]], ["testing\u00a0discussion", ["0018.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 19th August 2019", ["0017.html"]], ["Will you be able to attend the call on Monday with the easyreading team", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["22 Jul 2019 Personalization Task Force Meeting Minutes", ["0015.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 15th July 2019", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["basic proposal /summary of where we are for symbol", ["0021.html"]], ["Big picture thoughts on symbols", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["call canceled", ["0002.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Personalization TF Publication Requests", ["0005.html"]], ["Fwd: TPAC coodination with other groups", ["0023.html"]], ["Notes from after our call 07/08/2019", ["0004.html"]], ["Personalization Minutes 7/15/19", ["0008.html"]], ["Personalization Minutes 7/15/19)", ["0010.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting July 22 Agenda", ["0014.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes: 7/29/2019", ["0024.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 1st July 2019", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 29th july 2019", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 8th July 2019", ["0003.html"]], ["update from coga", ["0022.html"]], ["User testing of the personalization for symbol", ["0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["WebApps Symbol Overview Wiki Document", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]]], [["ACTION-10: Add link to the github wiki from the tf homepage in w3c space", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0028.html"]], ["ACTION-11: Review groups at tpac and look for synagys", ["0029.html"]], ["ACTION-9: Find related vocablaries and find link to micro data", ["0031.html", "0027.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday June 17", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday June 3rd 2019", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Can you attend this weeks call", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["CFC: Publishing our new set of Working Drafts for our Explainer and 3 modules with updated examples using data-", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["CFC: Publishing our new set of Working Drafts for our Explainer and 3 modules with updated examples using data- and harmonization with auto-complete values using hyphens rather than camelCase", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes, June 24, 2019", ["0030.html"]], ["Minutes for Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 10th June 2019", ["0007.html"]], ["Minutes for Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 17th June 2019", ["0017.html"]], ["Missing auto-complete values", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 6/3/2019", ["0002.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 10th June 2019", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 1st July 2019", ["0035.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 24th June 2019", ["0026.html"]], ["user testing with symbol", ["0036.html", "0034.html"]]], [["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday June 3rd 2019", ["0013.html"]], ["May 6 Personalization task force meeting minutes", ["0003.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 5/20/19", ["0010.html"]], ["Questions regarding Bliss", ["0009.html"]], ["reminder - no call tomorrow", ["0012.html"]], ["reminder: no call tomorow", ["0005.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 20th May 2019", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 6th May 2019", ["0000.html"]], ["wiki page for implementation options for symbols", ["0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["wiki page to collect issues with the tokens / values", ["0011.html"]]], [["[MINUTES] Personalization TF Monday April 22", ["0037.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["ACTION-8: Set up a webpage to for hack-a-thon ideas", ["0000.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 22nd April, 2019", ["0030.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 8th April, 2019", ["0019.html", "0017.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["CFC: data-purpose, data-action, data-destination", ["0036.html", "0034.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Data-* Attributes (Take 2)", ["0018.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: CFC: data-purpose, data-action, data-destination", ["0038.html"]], ["Euro Hackathon", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Fwd: CFC: data-purpose, data-action, data-destination", ["0035.html"]], ["Late apologies for today's meeting.", ["0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["Mats is joining us on the call today", ["0031.html"]], ["Minutes for April 8, 2019 Personalization TF", ["0020.html"]], ["new working draft with editors note", ["0045.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Minutes", ["0023.html"]], ["survey on data dash for the first few attributes.", ["0021.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 15th April 2018", ["0022.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 29th April 2018", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["wiki page for projects and hackathons", ["0010.html", "0007.html"]]], [["can you make the personalization call on the 18th", ["0033.html", "0031.html", "0028.html", "0018.html", "0013.html", "0009.html"]], ["Controlling web screen complexity", ["0036.html"]], ["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time (DST) change -- first half of 2019", ["0006.html"]], ["Fwd: Personalization Overview page", ["0025.html"]], ["Minutes from 11 March", ["0010.html"]], ["Minutes from March 25, 2019", ["0038.html"]], ["Note the time - The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday, March 18, 2019", ["0034.html"]], ["Personalization Meeting Minutes-2019/03/04", ["0005.html"]], ["Personalization Overview page", ["0026.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Monday March 25th", ["0037.html"]], ["Personalization TF Summary: Direction for Implementation", ["0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["problem with data-", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["prototypes with data-", ["0007.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 11th March 2019", ["0008.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 1st April, 2019", ["0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 4 the March 2019", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["The minuets from today's call", ["0035.html"]]], [["ACTION-6: Draft a message to web platforms", ["0004.html"]], ["ACTION-7: See if data-action. data-function-function data-desitnation have conflicts and arent compatable", ["0019.html"]], ["bliss licencing", ["0007.html"]], ["Fwd: Personalization TF Vocabulary List requested from TPAC", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["Minutes for February 4, 2019 Personalization TF", ["0005.html"]], ["Personalization Meeting Minutes 2/11/19", ["0013.html"]], ["Reminder. No call today because of the US holiday", ["0014.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 15th feb 2019", ["0018.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 25th February 2019", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 4th Feb 2019", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["ACTION-4: Add note to symbol that the uri is being used as reference point; and that it may migrate to token", ["0008.html"]], ["ACTION-5: Update abstract to list the documents that the vocabulary doc is derived from. note that this vocabulary document is a derivative of those documents", ["0009.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday January 7th, 2019", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Call on Monday", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes - January 14, 2019", ["0010.html"]], ["No call on Monday for personalization", ["0016.html"]], ["no call today", ["0015.html"]], ["No Meeting next Monday January 21st", ["0011.html"]], ["Personalization Meeting Minutes 1/7/2019", ["0005.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting 1/14/19", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["ACTION-1: Create a tracker page", ["0009.html"]], ["ACTION-2: Find out what is needed for web4all paper.", ["0014.html"]], ["ACTION-3: Reorganize the vocabulary list to create one line description of each topic and associated list of values without definitions.", ["0015.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 3rd December 2018", ["0000.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday the 17th December", ["0013.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes for December 3, 2018 Personalization Task Force", ["0001.html"]], ["Personalization Minutes 12-10-18", ["0008.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Minutes", ["0016.html"]], ["Personalization TF tracker has been created", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["proposal that we make an additional way to add the vocabulary", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Question regard 3 attributes", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["reorganized the vocabulary list", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday the 10th December", ["0007.html"]]], [["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 3rd December 2018", ["0034.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday November 26 2018", ["0023.html"]], ["call time", ["0015.html"]], ["CANCELLED: Personalization TF Meeting today", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Fwd: Values list for personalization semantics", ["0022.html"]], ["Issues with WAI website content", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes 11/26/18", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["NEW TIME for todays call", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Minutes for 12 Nov 2018", ["0010.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Monday Nov 8th", ["0007.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Monday November 5th 2018", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Silver prototype exercises", ["0006.html"]], ["Suggested new Time for our weekly Personalization TF Meeting", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["text, tokens and URI s", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 26th November 2018", ["0027.html"]], ["use cases", ["0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Values list for personalization semantics", ["0026.html"]]], [["2 new potential methods added", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday October 08 2018", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Comment on https://w3c.github.io/personalization-semantics/help/", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Comments on Personalization Semantics Explainer 1.0 WD 18.10.2018", ["0030.html"]], ["Decision on CfC: Publish 4 Personalization Documents", ["0013.html"]], ["Fwd: [w3c/wpub] Added the pagelist entry (#339)", ["0006.html"]], ["make sure the wiki page is complete!", ["0015.html"]], ["minutes from today's call", ["0014.html"]], ["Personalization breakout session in TPAC", ["0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Personalization Introduction", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force Minutes, October 8, 2018", ["0005.html"]], ["Personalization TF documents have been published", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes [10/01/18]", ["0000.html"]], ["Personalization thoughts & takeaways from TPAC", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Remember to get your modules reviewed today!", ["0007.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 15th October 2018", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["TPAC Proposed Session Idea for Plenary Day", ["0010.html"]]], [["APA Personalization TF Meeting Monday 9/10/18", ["0001.html"]], ["Comments regarding the Tools Module", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["explaining my issue with one single attribute, and review of the three options.", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["How do we put the vocabulary in content", ["0028.html"]], ["Informal Call for Consensus on bringing in COGA's terms and definitions into our Module #2", ["0003.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for September 17, 2018", ["0007.html"]], ["mix proposal", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0011.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force meeting minutes for September 10, 2018", ["0002.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes [9/24/18]", ["0018.html"]], ["questionnaire for next weeks call", ["0026.html"]], ["reminder - no call today", ["0000.html"]], ["Single attribute, alternative notation", ["0008.html"]], ["some issues from the call yesterday", ["0019.html"]], ["summary from the call on implementation\u00a0of the vocabulary", ["0010.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 17th September 2018", ["0004.html"]], ["The APA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 24th September 2018", ["0017.html"]], ["Updated summary of ways to apply personalization to content", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["06, Aug 2018, Personalization Task Force Meeting Minutes", ["0005.html"]], ["APA Personalization TF Meeting Monday August 27", ["0015.html"]], ["COGA Vocabulary", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Personalization task force meeting minutes, August 13, 2018", ["0009.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Minutes 08/20/18", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 8/27/18", ["0016.html"]], ["Please join APA to continue participating in Personalization", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["review of discussion so far", ["0000.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference", ["0008.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 20th August 2018", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 5 August 2018", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["updates from today's call", ["0017.html"]]], [["[Personalization TF][Minutes] 7/16/18", ["0010.html"]], ["[Personalization][Meeting Agenda] 7/23/18", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["[Personalization][Minutes] 07.30.2018", ["0030.html"]], ["[Personalization][Minutes] 7/23/18", ["0021.html"]], ["can we move the implementation meeting?", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Minutes from: The ARIA Personalization Call", ["0003.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force Meeting Minutes", ["0020.html"]], ["Personalization TF Call Today Monday 7/9/18", ["0004.html"]], ["Personalization TF Call Today Monday 7/9/18)", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Techniques for COGA Task Force (COGA)", ["0022.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 16th July 2018", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 26th March 2018", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 30th July 2018", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Updates to Comparison Page", ["0008.html"]], ["What issues are part of Mondays discussion", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]]], [["[Personalization][Minutes]06-18-18", ["0025.html"]], ["help module - latest draft", ["0021.html"]], ["Janina's comments yesterday", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["labels for issues", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["Labels for personalization semantics issues", ["0023.html"]], ["merging the help module branch", ["0027.html", "0024.html"]], ["Minutes of June 25, 2018 Meeting of Personalization TF", ["0037.html"]], ["module three (tool) to review from Thaddeus", ["0017.html"]], ["next iteration of gap analysis", ["0015.html", "0009.html"]], ["Organization of files", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Personalization Semantics requirements draft set up", ["0022.html"]], ["Personalization TF Call Today Monday June 25th", ["0034.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting - June 4", ["0002.html"]], ["Personalization TF Meeting Minutes", ["0007.html"]], ["proposals for implementation inside the mark up", ["0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["survey for personlization", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["survey of alternative content terms", ["0031.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 11th June 2018", ["0014.html", "0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 18 th June 2018", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Today", ["0004.html"]], ["this week's meeting minutes (6/11/2018)", ["0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["Updated format for help and support", ["0011.html", "0008.html"]], ["W3C Publishing Personalization Affordances", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]]], [["48-Hour Call for Consensus (CfC): New APA Charter", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["APA Charter Review & ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 14 May 2018", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Attribution and Clarification(s)", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Blissymbol reference demo", ["0008.html"]], ["Fwd: [w3c/wpub] WP affords personalization (#138)", ["0000.html"]], ["Fwd: sybered, CCF writer", ["0010.html"]], ["Microsoft's ARIA annotations proposal", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Minutes (was The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 21 March 2018)", ["0037.html"]], ["No call this Monday", ["0038.html"]], ["Offering an alternative perspective", ["0035.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 7th May 2018", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Personalization TF May 7, 2018 Meeting Minutes", ["0011.html"]], ["Personalization TF Minutes 5/14", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Priority tagged Bliss lexicon - take 1", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Report of personalization tech talk", ["0001.html"]], ["Suggested Timeline for our new Personalization Charter", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 21 March 2018", ["0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]]], [["[RSVP] Special meeting this Thursday regarding Personalization Semantics", ["0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Actions versus destinations", ["0021.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["alarm bells - was Special meeting this Thursday regarding Personalization Semantics", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["April 9, 2018 - Personalization TF Meeting Minutes", ["0012.html"]], ["ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - 04/30/18", ["0038.html"]], ["branch for the new structure for help and support", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Fwd: [RSVP] Special meeting this Thursday regarding Personalization Semantics", ["0014.html"]], ["Fwd: Personalization metadata comparison", ["0039.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes - April 16, 2018", ["0034.html"]], ["Meeting Minutes for the ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 23 April 2018", ["0037.html"]], ["Meeting today", ["0045.html"]], ["Minutes from today's call (04/30/18)", ["0046.html"]], ["no call today", ["0000.html"]], ["Personalization metadata comparison", ["0040.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 09th April 2018", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 16th April 2018", ["0032.html"]], ["Possibility of moving Personalization Semantics out of ARIA and into APA", ["0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Survey on location of personalization work", ["0033.html"]], ["Technical Implementation", ["0023.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 23 April 2018", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]]], [["[Personalization][Minutes] 3/26/18", ["0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["Check the time! The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 12 March, 2017", ["0026.html"]], ["definitions updated list", ["0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["final list of new terms for the next draft", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time change \u2013first half of 2018", ["0010.html"]], ["Fwd: Decision: Publish updated Working Drafts of Personalization Explainer and Content specs", ["0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Fwd: Fwd: reference BLISS symbolics", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Logs", ["0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Minutes - Personalization Task Force Meeting - March 12, 2018", ["0030.html"]], ["minutes from todays call", ["0006.html"]], ["my action on aria and symbols", ["0011.html"]], ["No Personalization TF Meeting on 03/19 due to CSUN EOM", ["0034.html"]], ["note for social. - was final list of new terms for the next draft", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Publication of an updated version of the Personalization Semantics Content Module 1.0", ["0013.html"]], ["RDFa Action Item", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 26th March 2018", ["0035.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 5th March 2018", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]]], [["Adding HTML microformat example to A.3 in Explainer", ["0015.html"]], ["aui- prefix", ["0021.html", "0017.html"]], ["Call today canceled", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["definitions compliled", ["0011.html"]], ["definitions from Amihai", ["0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["definitions updated from today's call", ["0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["Editorial updates to explainer.html", ["0012.html", "0009.html"]], ["February 12, 2018 Meeting Minutes", ["0013.html"]], ["Fwd: Decision: Publish First Public Working Drafts of Personalization Explainer and Content specs", ["0002.html"]], ["getting started", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes from last week's call", ["0010.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 11th February 2018", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday October, 2017", ["0018.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Personalization TF] [Minutes] 01/22/18", ["0031.html"]], ["[Personalization][Minutes]01-08-2018", ["0015.html"]], ["Call For Consensus", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["CFC: Explainer and Adaptable Content read for Public Working Draft", ["0042.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["definitions for aui-distraction", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0019.html"]], ["for tomorrow's call", ["0030.html"]], ["getting ready to publish", ["0021.html"]], ["Is this ready for a CFC?", ["0028.html", "0024.html", "0020.html"]], ["minutes from today's call", ["0025.html", "0022.html"]], ["Suggestions for help topics", ["0010.html"]], ["survey", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 22nd January 2018", ["0029.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 29th January , 2018", ["0041.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 8th jan 2018", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]]], [["3.5 Distractions overview,from charles", ["0004.html", "0000.html"]], ["Call For Consensus (CFC)", ["0018.html"]], ["Call For Consensus (Postponed until January)", ["0024.html"]], ["December 18 meeting", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Fwd: The ARIA Personalization Task Force - For purpose of controls, more terms are needed", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes from December 11 teleconfernce", ["0011.html"]], ["missing terms", ["0020.html", "0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["new survey", ["0002.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force Meeting Notes - Monday 4th December, 2017", ["0006.html"]], ["Please look at action, destination and field", ["0019.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 11th December, 2017", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 4th December, 2017", ["0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["this weeks survey", ["0007.html"]]], [["Action items from Sharon and Becky", ["0025.html", "0020.html"]], ["are we ready for the merge?", ["0045.html"]], ["can attend the personalization call on Monday", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Can you make the personlization call on Monday the 13th November?", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["CFC - Prefix AUI ( Adaptable UI )", ["0040.html", "0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["Distractions", ["0044.html"]], ["Fwd: The ARIA Personalization Task Force - For purpose of controls, more terms are needed", ["0037.html"]], ["implementation from atos", ["0043.html", "0039.html"]], ["informal call today", ["0032.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["list of widely recognized control types, chunked", ["0046.html"]], ["new survey for simplification and easylang", ["0010.html"]], ["orientation call", ["0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["Personalization TF 27 Nov 2017 Meeting Minutes", ["0041.html"]], ["Prefix", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["prefix survey", ["0009.html"]], ["proposal for braking up the specification into modules", ["0029.html", "0026.html"]], ["survey for this week", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["syntax and scope", ["0034.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 13th November, 2017", ["0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 17th November, 2017", ["0042.html", "0038.html"]], ["The modules are merged into the main github branch", ["0047.html"]], ["TPAC is this week", ["0008.html"]]], [["[Personalization] [Minutes] 20171016", ["0017.html"]], ["[Personalization][Minutes] 10/09/2017", ["0007.html"]], ["[Personalization][Minutes] 10/30/2017", ["0031.html"]], ["CFC - Call For Consensus - semantics for personlization as a vocabulary", ["0027.html", "0025.html"]], ["Content? or Architecture", ["0001.html"]], ["editors note for immature sections", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes from today's call", ["0026.html"]], ["new survey for first three properties", ["0028.html"]], ["NOTE THE TIMES - The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 30th October, 2017", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Personalization Task Force Survey on Priorities and Implementations of our semantic properties", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["process / timetable suggestion", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Proposal for personalization semantics as vocabulary", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - First call - Monday 16th October, 2017", ["0014.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - First call - Monday 9th October, 2017", ["0005.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 23rd October, 2017", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - Monday 2nd October, 2017", ["0003.html"]], ["the wiki is running", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Upcoming Daylight Savings Time changes", ["0018.html"]], ["vocabulary counter proposal", ["0024.html"]]], [["implementations and projects to support personlization", ["0000.html"]], ["minutes from today's personalization tf call", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Reminder.... The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - First call - Monday 25th September, 2017", ["0003.html"]], ["The ARIA Personalization Task Force Teleconference - First call - Monday 25th September, 2017", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["the wiki is running", ["0009.html"]], ["Updated Poll for Continued Personalization TF meetings", ["0010.html", "0008.html"]]]]