[[["[community-group] Actions required for contributors: join the group and watch this repository (#17)", ["0000.html"]]], [["[community-group] [RFC] Format specification (#1)", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[community-group] [Closed] \ud83d\udce3 Call for specification editors (#38)", ["0002.html"]], ["[community-group] [RFC] Format specification (#1)", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["[community-group] \ud83d\udce3 Call for specification editors (#38)", ["0001.html"]]], [["[community-group] [RFC] Design Token authoring tools (#36)", ["0040.html"]], ["[community-group] [RFC] Design Token Editors (#36)", ["0033.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["[community-group] [RFC] Format specification (#1)", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["[community-group] [RFC] Glossary (#32)", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0012.html"]], ["[community-group] Add .whitesource configuration file (#37)", ["0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0032.html"]], ["[community-group] Add Abstract to list of represented companies (#33)", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["[community-group] Add Dynatrace to list of represented companies (#34)", ["0019.html"]], ["[community-group] Add principles (#29)", ["0003.html"]], ["[community-group] Added Philips Design to the list of companies (#31)", ["0009.html"]], ["[community-group] Call for specification editors (#38)", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["[community-group] Closed Pull Request: Add .whitesource configuration file", ["0036.html"]], ["[community-group] Closed Pull Request: Roadmap proposal", ["0047.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add Abstract to list of represented companies", ["0016.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add Dynatrace to list of represented companies", ["0020.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add principles", ["0001.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Added Philips Design to the list of companies", ["0010.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Update contributor list", ["0006.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: update zeroheight spelling", ["0027.html"]], ["[community-group] new commits pushed by kaelig", ["0028.html", "0021.html", "0017.html", "0011.html", "0007.html", "0002.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add .whitesource configuration file", ["0031.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add Abstract to list of represented companies", ["0013.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add Dynatrace to list of represented companies", ["0018.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add principles", ["0000.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Added Philips Design to the list of companies", ["0008.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Update contributor list", ["0004.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: update zeroheight spelling", ["0025.html"]], ["[community-group] Roadmap proposal (#10)", ["0046.html", "0041.html"]], ["[community-group] Update contributor list (#30)", ["0005.html"]], ["[community-group] update zeroheight spelling (#35)", ["0026.html"]]], [["[community-group] add Alaska Air to the projects represented group (#28)", ["0004.html"]], ["[community-group] Closed Pull Request: Update README.md", ["0007.html", "0001.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: add Alaska Air to the projects represented group", ["0006.html"]], ["[community-group] new commits pushed by kaelig", ["0005.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: add Alaska Air to the projects represented group", ["0003.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Update README.md", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["[community-group] Update README.md (#27)", ["0008.html"]]], [["[community-group] [RFC] Theming (#2)", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[community-group] Add Toolabs to the list of DTCG members (#23)", ["0014.html"]], ["[community-group] docs: add Basalt to DTCG list (#22)", ["0010.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add 2019-10-07 meeting notes", ["0017.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add notes for the 2019-10-15 meeting", ["0021.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add Toolabs to the list of DTCG members", ["0013.html"]], ["[community-group] new commits pushed by kaelig", ["0022.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0011.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add 2019-10-07 meeting notes", ["0016.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add notes for the 2019-10-15 meeting", ["0020.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add Toolabs to the list of DTCG members", ["0012.html"]]], [["[community-group] [RFC] Format specification (#1)", ["0037.html", "0015.html"]], ["[community-group] [RFC] Theming (#2)", ["0042.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0010.html"]], ["[community-group] Actions required: join the group and watch this repository (#17)", ["0030.html"]], ["[community-group] Add Herman + Accoutrement to represented projects (#16)", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["[community-group] Add Specify to list of contributors (#15)", ["0018.html"]], ["[community-group] Affiliation to a standards body or other foundation (#8)", ["0005.html"]], ["[community-group] Closed Pull Request: Add Specify to list of contributors", ["0017.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add Herman + Accoutrement to represented projects", ["0026.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add Specify to list of contributors", ["0024.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Add Zendesk to the list of DTCG members", ["0044.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Document first meeting happening between co-chairs @jina and @kaelig", ["0047.html"]], ["[community-group] Merged Pull Request: Sass is represented", ["0035.html"]], ["[community-group] new commits pushed by kaelig", ["0048.html", "0045.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0036.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add Herman + Accoutrement to represented projects", ["0019.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add Specify to list of contributors", ["0016.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Add Zendesk to the list of DTCG members", ["0043.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Document first meeting happening between co-chairs @jina and @kaelig", ["0046.html"]], ["[community-group] Pull Request: Sass is represented", ["0032.html"]], ["[community-group] Roadmap proposal (#10)", ["0031.html"]], ["[community-group] Sass is represented (#18)", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Closed: [community-group] Affiliation to a standards body or other foundation (#8)", ["0004.html"]]], [["[community-group] [RFC] Format specification (#1)", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]]]