[[["Updates from Chromium contributors since mid-February", ["0000.html"]]], [["[EXTERNAL] Protocol for suggested changes to WebGPU spec", ["0011.html"]], ["[WGSL] Test for round-trippability", ["0012.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-30 meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-31 WGSL meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-04-06 meeting", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-04-07 WGSL meeting", ["0006.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-04-13 meeting", ["0018.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-04-14 WGSL meeting", ["0019.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-04-20 meeting", ["0023.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-04-27 meeting", ["0025.html"]], ["Protocol for suggested changes to WebGPU spec", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["PSA for Chromium / Dawn WebGPU API updates 2020-04-28", ["0024.html"]], ["WebGPU for Chrome OS", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["WebWorker and Device", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]]], [["[WGSL] Test for round-trippability", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["float depth with stencil?", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-02 meeting", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-09 meeting", ["0018.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-10 WGSL meeting", ["0019.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-16 meeting", ["0020.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-17 WGSL meeting", ["0021.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-23 meeting", ["0023.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-03-24 WGSL meeting", ["0022.html"]], ["More thoughts on buffer mapping (no improvement on mapAsync sadly)", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["WGSL Meeting Minutes -- 2020-03-03", ["0009.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2020-01-27 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-02-03 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-02-24 meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["More thoughts on buffer mapping (no improvement on mapAsync sadly)", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Unofficial chat room in the Matrix", ["0002.html"]], ["WebGPU Shading Language", ["0008.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2019-12-18 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-01-06 meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2020-01-13 meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["WebGPU software rendering", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2019-12-02 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-12-09 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["WebGPU on the Raspberry Pi 4", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["Initial thoughts porting a decently complex WebGL2 application to WebGPU", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-10-28 meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-11-04 meeting", ["0015.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-11-11 meeting", ["0018.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-11-18 meeting", ["0025.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-11-25 meeting", ["0026.html"]], ["Trying WebGPU samples on Chrome Canary on Windows 10", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html"]], ["WebGPU and Electron.js", ["0024.html", "0020.html"]], ["WebGPU polyfill using WebGL2 - would it be feasible and/or make sense?", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["webgpu.h for using WebGPU in native and through emscripten", ["0005.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Early implementation od webgpu on windows ?", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-09-26 and 2019-09-27 New Orleans F2F", ["0006.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-10-07 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-10-14 meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-10-21 meeting", ["0007.html"]], ["Webgpu and vulkan ?", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["webgpu.h for using WebGPU in native and through emscripten", ["0008.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2019-09-09 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-09-24 meeting between WebGPU and the Vulkan WG", ["0001.html"]]], [["Advanced blend equations [was: Some Feature requests.]", ["0017.html"]], ["DX12 Do's and Don'ts", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["Extension support: maybe not a binary yes/no", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-08-05 meeting", ["0032.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-08-12 meeting", ["0033.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-08-19 meeting", ["0034.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-08-26 meeting", ["0035.html"]], ["Shading Languages Discussion Date", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Some Feature requests.", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2019-07-08", ["0006.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-07-15 meeting", ["0009.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-07-23 meeting", ["0011.html"]], ["Shading Languages Discussion Date", ["0012.html"]], ["Thoughts on shading language", ["0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Uniformity analysis for the WebGPU Shading Language.", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2019-06-03 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-06-10", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-06-17 meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-06-24 meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["Spec editors", ["0001.html"]]], [["DX12 Do's and Don'ts", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-04-29 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-05-06 meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-05-15 and 2019-05-16 Mountain View F2F", ["0004.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2019-04-01 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-04-08 meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-04-15 meeting", ["0006.html"]], ["Public DirectX Specifications", ["0003.html"]], ["Reusable command buffers", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2019-03-04 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-03-11 meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-03-18 meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-03-25 meeting", ["0006.html"]], ["Question about integrating WebGPU into chromium", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-02-04 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-01-22 and 2019-01-23 WebGPU San Diego F2F", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-02-11 meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-02-25 meeting", ["0007.html"]], ["Shadow demo for WebGPU-native", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["WebGPU Compute Example", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-12-17 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-01-07 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2019-01-14 meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the GPUWeb / VkPortability Meeting 2019-01-21", ["0003.html"]]], [["glTF and Javascript", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-12-03 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-12-10 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Realtime raytracing", ["0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["Binary vs Text", ["0060.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["draft execution environment for WebGPU, including WebGPU env spec for SPIR-V", ["0061.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["language spec vs. execution environment spec; security vs. interoperability", ["0059.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-10-29 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-11-05 meeting", ["0028.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-11-12 meeting", ["0050.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-11-26 meeting", ["0073.html"]], ["WHLSL Compatibility with HLSL", ["0074.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-09-27 F2F meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-10-09 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-10-15 meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-10-22 meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-10-29 meeting", ["0004.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-08-27 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-09-10 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-09-17 meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["Test Suite Language", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-08-01 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-08-08 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-08-20", ["0002.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2017-06-27 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-07-11 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-07-18 meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-07-25 meeting", ["0003.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-05-30 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-06-13 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-06-20 meeting", ["0002.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-04-24 F2F meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-05-09 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-05-16 meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-05-23 meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0002.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-03-28 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-04-04 meeting", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-04-18", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes from the 2018-04-11 meeting", ["0003.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2018-02-28 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-03-07 meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Notes from the 2018-03-28 meeting", ["0007.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0006.html"]], ["WASM Host Bindings proposal docs", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["\"Sketch API\" WebIDL", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["About IDL's string enums", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["Data transfers from/to client", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Feasibility of low-level GPU access on the Web", ["0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-01-31 meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-02-07 meeting", ["0012.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-02-14 meeting", ["0013.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-02-21 meeting", ["0015.html"]]], [["Data transfers from/to client", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["GPU Spectre/Meltdown", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-01-10 meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-12-13 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-01-17 meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2018-01-24 meeting", ["0009.html"]], ["Position: Directly ingest SPIR-V, and not a human-writable shading language", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2017-11-29 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-12-06 meeting", ["0012.html"]], ["Notes about Secure HLSL", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["NXT design for memory barriers and buffer mapping.", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Ill-defined programs", ["0034.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-11-01 meeting.", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-11-15 meeting", ["0035.html"]], ["Notes from meeting with WASM WG at TPAC", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["NXT design for memory barriers and buffer mapping.", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html"]]], [["Links to NXT repos", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0004.html"]], ["Metal tiling API vs Vulkan subpasses", ["0006.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-10-04 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-10-11 meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-10-18 meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-10-25 meeting", ["0028.html"]], ["Shader Language Form Discussion", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0016.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Shaderc as a JS library", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Use cases for synchronization", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2017-09-06 meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes from the 2017-09-22 meeting", ["0015.html"]], ["Notes from the 2017-09-13 meeting", ["0014.html"]], ["Pipeline objects open questions", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[public-gpu] <none>", ["0069.html", "0056.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-08-09 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-08-23 meeting", ["0053.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-08-30 meeting", ["0073.html"]], ["RFC: Features to cull for MVP / v1", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0011.html", "0008.html"]], ["Roadmap wiki", ["0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["shader IR vs. application IR", ["0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Shader language \"levels\": moving forward", ["0055.html", "0050.html", "0041.html"]], ["Shader security model discussions: breaking it down?", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0054.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0040.html"]], ["The design of WebAssembly", ["0070.html", "0061.html", "0059.html", "0044.html"]], ["WebCL validator", ["0058.html", "0057.html", "0052.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2017-06-21 meeting", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-07-12 meeting", ["0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-07-19 meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-07-26 meeting", ["0004.html"]]], [["Discuss binding models on Github!", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-05-24 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-06-07 meeting", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-06-13 meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-06-21 meeting", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-06-28 meeting", ["0009.html"]], ["On the topic of iterative design and prototyping", ["0002.html"]]], [["Minutes for the 2017-05-17 meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-05-24 meeting", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Minutes for the 2017-05-31 meeting", ["0005.html"]], ["Update on Google's NXT prototype", ["0000.html"]]], [["GPU for web talk at GOTO Stockholm", ["0002.html"]], ["New co-chair and minor charter change coming", ["0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Vulkan, min GPU needed for WebGPU, Mobile browsers etc.", ["0004.html"]]], [["A 3D Portability Initiative from The Khronos Group", ["0000.html"]], ["Charter ready to be frozen", ["0001.html"]]], [["2 questions and a suggestion", ["0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Get involved in the GPU community group! [via GPU for the Web Community Group]", ["0000.html"]], ["Welcome and Getting Started", ["0009.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Welcome and Getting Started [via GPU for the Web Community Group]", ["0001.html"]]]]