[[["Closing Social Web IG", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["re-starting, and moving to Community Group?", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["re-starting, and moving to Community Group?", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Boeing resignations (hopefully temporary for me)", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Some stats on adoption", ["0000.html"]]], [["Fwd: Schema.org Community Group: thanks to everyone who contributed in 2015, and looking forward to 2016", ["0005.html"]], ["List of social vocabularies", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["new Social Architecture effort", ["0004.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Social API] Comparing similarities and differences in LDP and Hydra/LDF", ["0007.html"]], ["Boeing resignations (hopefully temporary for me)", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Fwd: [Moderator Action] new Social Architecture effort", ["0006.html"]], ["new Social Architecture effort", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Updating the Social team contact", ["0008.html"]]], [["Boeing resignations (hopefully temporary for me)", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Evaluating User Stories -- A Practical Approach", ["0001.html"]], ["FYI: Pump Network", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Social Economy Community Group proposal announced (former: to recycle old and inactive CG (Community I/O) or to propose new one (Collaborative Economy)?)", ["0002.html"]], ["Teleconference 29 Sep 2015", ["0008.html"]], ["Vocabulary Negotiation", ["0000.html"]]], [[".br social platforms developers (former: Sandro needs host # for social meetings)", ["0038.html"]], ["Agenda topic request", ["0019.html"]], ["as:Like (a rdfs:Class) or as:like (a rdf:Property) ?", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0021.html", "0006.html"]], ["IETF 94, 1-6 November 2015 (TPAC2015/IETF94 Discount)", ["0025.html"]], ["IG to help resolve objections on user stories", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["meeting tomorrow?", ["0007.html"]], ["Sandro needs host # for social meetings", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html"]], ["Social IG agenda posted for 2 September 2015", ["0031.html"]], ["Social Web WG agenda for 11 August 2015", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["to recycle old and inactive CG (Community I/O) or to propose new one (Collaborative Economy)?", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["TPAC 2015 Registration Now Open", ["0020.html"]]], [["as:Like (a rdfs:Class) or as:like (a rdf:Property) ?", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting tomorrow (7/22)", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0008.html"]], ["Regrets for tomorrow", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Regrets for tomorrow]", ["0006.html"]], ["W3C Social IG agenda now available; inviting WG objectors", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["a common understanding of profiles", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["about WebEx", ["0013.html"]], ["agenda for tomorrow?", ["0009.html"]], ["combine IRC channels?", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Github for collaboration - quick intro", ["0010.html"]], ["Regret for today's call", ["0019.html"]], ["Regrets for the next 3 weeks", ["0015.html"]], ["Social Web IG", ["0012.html"]], ["TPAC 2015 Registration Now Open", ["0011.html"]], ["Use Case Task Force manana?", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["Use Case TF Telecon - Wed, June 3rd (1500UTC)", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["ACTION-7: Send out webex instructions", ["0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["Agenda published for 27 May 2015", ["0009.html"]], ["Canceling: Vocabulary TF telecon (May 20th)", ["0008.html"]], ["DCENT project dial-in on Monday to F2F?", ["0003.html"]], ["F2F MIT minutes", ["0004.html"]], ["General Telecon - Wed, May 13th (1500UTC)", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["ISSUE-1 (elf-pavlik): Not duplicating vocabulary work with the Social Business Working Group [Social Vocabularies]", ["0001.html"]], ["PROPOSAL: changing Tracker to github & moving IRC to #social", ["0002.html"]], ["Social IG minutes 5-27", ["0011.html"]], ["social-ACTION-58: Setup tracking of candidate demos which showcase User Stories implementations", ["0012.html"]], ["Vocabulary TF: Updates and discussing next steps!", ["0000.html"]]], [["#Vocabulary TF telecon - Wed, Apr 22nd (1500UTC)", ["0040.html"]], ["[Vocabulary TF] ADL's xAPI Vocabulary", ["0001.html"]], ["a 'living' Social Vocabulary (experiment!) with diagrams of Qualified Relations, N-ary Relations and Containers", ["0052.html", "0036.html"]], ["Doodle poll for new meeting time", ["0009.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Follow/Following/follows", ["0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["FYI: First Public Working Draft of Web Payments Use Cases", ["0056.html"]], ["How we can help people with making it to F2F in Paris? (those with 'at risk due to travel funding' note)", ["0024.html"]], ["Issue-19 questions remain", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["ISSUE-3: Does friend == two way follow?", ["0002.html"]], ["ISSUE-4 (Living Vocabs): management of 'living' vocabularyies similar to microformats.org and schema.org [Social Vocabularies]", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Larry Hawes has left the Social Interest Group", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Mark attendance on Social Web F2F", ["0010.html"]], ["meeting time Wednesday just earlier? (former: new meeting time: Friday?)", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["New meeting time!", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0020.html"]], ["new meeting time: Friday?", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["PROPOSAL: changing Tracker to github & moving IRC to #social", ["0029.html"]], ["Proposal: Focus on two Task Forces, Use Case and Vocabulary", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Regrets for tomorrow's call", ["0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Social IG new Telecon time should work tomorrow and in future", ["0041.html"]], ["Social Web IG task forces", ["0023.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-17 (Online Identity): Identity, Agent, Person, Persona, Account etc. need clarifications", ["0025.html", "0000.html"]], ["upcoming schedule: need chairs for next 3 meetings", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["W3C Social Interest Group", ["0022.html"]], ["Welcome Guangyuan Piao and John Breslin", ["0021.html"]]], [["ACTION-4: Extract Vocabulary requirements from API User Stories", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ACTION-5: xAPI Community - gather Use Cases and Requirements from their 2.0 work", ["0003.html"]], ["ACTION-6: Setup workflow for 'sheparding' User Stories from WG (github)", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["agenda for 1 April now online", ["0053.html"]], ["agenda items for March 4?", ["0002.html"]], ["Agenda this week? Need chair next week", ["0026.html", "0022.html"]], ["Details of INRIA for May 4-5th F2F of Social WG/IG", ["0052.html"]], ["Drafts: Social Web Architecture & Social Web Glossary", ["0004.html"]], ["Fwd: Ann Bassetti appointed Chair of the Social Interest Group", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Fwd: W3C TPAC 2015 - Will your group meet in Sapporo?", ["0012.html"]], ["hotel discount for meeting in Paris", ["0046.html"]], ["ISSUE-2 (Profiles + Credentials CG): Overlap with Credentials CG on Profile Use Cases / Vocabulary / API / ACL [Use-case and Requirements]", ["0005.html"]], ["Joint Social Web/Social Interest Group and W3C/MIT Lunch", ["0027.html"]], ["JSON-LD illustrated videos from Manu Sporny!", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0008.html"]], ["List of commonly used property names when used as *inverse*?", ["0051.html"]], ["Need chair this week", ["0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Next Face 2 Face, 2015-03-17 @MIT", ["0025.html", "0020.html", "0018.html"]], ["Poll for next F2F]", ["0030.html"]], ["Re-fill out survey for F2F: Henry Story, Jessica Tallon, Tantek, Sandro, David, Shane", ["0040.html"]], ["social-ISSUE-16 (grammar/vocabulary): better separate grammar/vocabulary and improved spec structure [Activity Streams 2.0]", ["0015.html", "0011.html"]], ["St. Patrick's Day Travel Advisory for tomorrow's F2F", ["0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Use Case TF: Telecon March 25 2015", ["0047.html"]], ["Vocabulary 'tutorial'?", ["0044.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Vocabulary TF: Telecon March 11 2015", ["0019.html", "0014.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["W3C TPAC 2015 - Will your group meet in Sapporo?", ["0013.html"]], ["xAPI / adlnet.gov contributors may join as Invited Experts", ["0021.html"]]], [["ACTION-1: Gather api requirements (user stories) from diaspora and friendica developers", ["0036.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0008.html"]], ["ACTION-2: Discuss social profile requirements with credentials cg", ["0009.html"]], ["ACTION-3: Write carpooling use case (case of p2p marketplace)", ["0010.html"]], ["Agenda for 4 Feb 2015 meeting online", ["0000.html"]], ["Canceling today's telecon? (Feb 18, 2015)", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["do types influence behavior?", ["0055.html"]], ["Drafts: Social Web Architecture & Social Web Glossary", ["0029.html"]], ["Fwd: Coordinating Profile Use Cases/User Stories from Social IG/WG with Credentials CG", ["0034.html", "0022.html"]], ["Fwd: Proposal for Schema.org extension mechanism", ["0047.html"]], ["Fwd: Vocabulary Considerations for xAPI", ["0066.html"]], ["Fwd: xAPI Badges integration(Including references to badge assertions in Experience API activity streams)", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Implementations (former: User stories for Social API)", ["0048.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0042.html", "0038.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["ISSUE-1 (elf-pavlik): Not duplicating vocabulary work with the Social Business Working Group [Social Vocabularies]", ["0017.html"]], ["Naming for Social Web groups...", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["New Working Drafts published", ["0056.html"]], ["problem with Social IG minutes", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["Protocol/API creation formal process? (was: 2 APIs and the charter)...", ["0051.html"]], ["regrets for 2/18", ["0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0045.html"]], ["Regrets for todays Social IG call", ["0058.html"]], ["Regrets for tomorrow's call", ["0057.html"]], ["Social Architecture Report: Extensibility", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0043.html", "0016.html"]], ["Today's extra telecon? Wed, Feb 11th", ["0037.html", "0035.html"]], ["User stories for Social API", ["0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Vast majority of WG and IG members still need to vote on user-stories", ["0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Webfinger", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Weibo, Yandex, Huawei, and other Asian/Russian social companies", ["0004.html"]]], [["*Tomorrow* W3C Social Interest Group Meeting", ["0018.html"]], ["additions from Boeing", ["0039.html"]], ["Agenda for Jan. 21 online", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Call for a co-chair for the Social IG", ["0010.html"]], ["Canceled: W3C Social Interest Group", ["0004.html"]], ["Canceling Social IG Jan 7th meeting - call for a new chair!", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Express Offers/Credentials as JSON-LD in HTML pages", ["0016.html"]], ["Fwd: A versioning model for schema.org", ["0041.html"]], ["Fwd: Express Offers/Credentials as JSON-LD in HTML pages", ["0015.html"]], ["Fwd: Review of requirements for Social API", ["0023.html"]], ["legal issues with two groups sharing the same IRC channel?", ["0032.html"]], ["meeting tomorrow? Jan 14", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Minutes of IG meeting", ["0029.html"]], ["New Working Drafts published", ["0042.html"]], ["regrets for tomorrow", ["0019.html"]], ["Trackbot for IG", ["0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Trackbot working for Social IG", ["0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["W3C Social Interest Group", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0020.html", "0017.html"]]], [["#Vocabulary W3C Collaboration Vocab", ["0010.html"]], ["Federated Collab Group use case draft", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Fwd: [AB project] call for W3C synchronization and consistency", ["0000.html"]], ["Fwd: On Vocabulary Draft and Schema.org", ["0046.html"]], ["Fwd: Person, Persona, Profile, OnlineAccount, ...", ["0045.html"]], ["Henry Story's 45 min presentation on Linked Data Platform", ["0038.html"]], ["Improving our collaboration flow and online tooling", ["0017.html"]], ["Invitation: Vocabulary Task Force Conference Call @ Fri Dec 5, 2014 10am - 11am (lloyd@azteria.com)", ["0006.html"]], ["Jason Robinson & the-federation.info", ["0040.html"]], ["OpenSocial Foundation Moving Standards Work to W3C Social Web Activity (Press Release)", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Poll for call availability for Social IG Vocabulary Task Force for Friday or Monday", ["0009.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Proposal: Cancelling IG meeting today and doing it next week?", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Regrets for any meetings between now and 6 January", ["0030.html"]], ["Regrets for first half", ["0002.html"]], ["Social IG meeting 17 December", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Social Interest IG minutes", ["0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["Updated Invitation: Vocabulary Task Force Conference Call @ Fri Dec 5, 2014 10am - 11am (Lloyd Fassett)", ["0013.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["using trackbot during irregular TF telecons", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["W3C Social Interest Group", ["0001.html"]], ["W3C Social Interest Group 2014-12-03", ["0039.html"]]], [["Activity Streams Extended Vocabulary", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["ActivityStreams Schema: Hierarchy of Types", ["0008.html"]], ["Agenda and Details for 2014-11-12 Social IG Teleconference", ["0015.html"]], ["Agenda for 2014-11-26 Social IG Telecon", ["0041.html"]], ["Call for Agenda Items", ["0012.html"]], ["Conference call for Vocabulary Task Force, tomorrow at 1pm EST", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["Daniel Harris has joined the Social Interest Group", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0031.html"]], ["Date of the next teleconf?", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Draft minutes from Social WG/IG TPAC meeting available", ["0013.html"]], ["IG Vocabulary call on Thursday 11/20 in the AM PST", ["0019.html"]], ["Late Regrets...", ["0016.html"]], ["Monday, 10am PST, IG Use Case call coordinates", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Regrets for today and ask for chair", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["Sandro's demo / like SWOT0", ["0018.html"]], ["Social IG Meeting Cancelled", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["Social Interest Group minutes Nov 12th", ["0017.html"]], ["Social WG - Schema.org TPAC Breakout draft minutes", ["0014.html"]], ["Strategy for better collaboration within the group and with other groups", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Use Case Task Force Meeting on 11/18/2014", ["0033.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Vocabulary - Fwd: ActivityStreams Schema: Hierarchy of Types", ["0007.html"]], ["W3C in the New Yorker magazine", ["0040.html"]], ["W3C Social Interest Group", ["0009.html"]], ["Working on Federation of Profile Information with Open Knowledge community", ["0032.html"]]], [["#usecase - minutes of 2014-09-30 Use Case TF meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["#UseCase - New wiki pages", ["0001.html"]], ["call numbers for todays call as zakim appears to be non-functional", ["0033.html"]], ["Cancelling 10-15-2014 Social IG Teleconference", ["0019.html"]], ["Decoupled UIs, Hypermedia, CORS, HTML vs JSON", ["0028.html"]], ["IG Use Case presentation to WG", ["0038.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for Oct 1st meeting", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Meeting minutes Oct 22nd for Social Interest Group", ["0034.html"]], ["Monday, 10am PST, IG Use Case call coordinates", ["0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["Please contribute social profile use scenarios by Friday, 10/3", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Profile scenarios added to Use Case TF wiki subpage", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Social IG", ["0030.html"]], ["Social IG/WG TPAC F2F started: Dial-in live (same number, same IRC)", ["0037.html"]], ["Social Interest Group Conference Call 20141022 at 12:00 EDT", ["0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Social profile use case scenarios submission and discussion", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Survey on privacy of digital photos", ["0041.html"]], ["Type Chart for IG Use Cases", ["0040.html", "0036.html"]], ["Update from Social WG call yesterday", ["0035.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Use Case Categorization", ["0042.html", "0039.html"]]], [["#usecase - minutes of 2014-09-30 Use Case TF meeting", ["0047.html"]], ["#UseCase - New wiki pages", ["0037.html"]], ["Activity and Actions Vocabulary", ["0043.html"]], ["Activity and Actions Vocabulary, Examples", ["0046.html"]], ["Agenda for 17 September Social Interest Group Meeting", ["0023.html"]], ["Agenda for next telecon", ["0022.html"]], ["Audio logs for IG & WG telecons?", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0001.html"]], ["Comparing Activity Streams / Schema.org / Hydra (former: 'Fwd: Schema.org applies W3C Patent Policy')", ["0021.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Declined: W3C Social IG Use Case TF", ["0041.html"]], ["Discussions about schema.org mission and governance + TPAC Social meeting invite!", ["0024.html"]], ["Fwd: Schema.org applies W3C Patent Policy", ["0000.html"]], ["Invited Expert request: Updates", ["0030.html"]], ["Meeting with Schema.org team during TPAC", ["0029.html"]], ["Related Organizations and who represents which one", ["0018.html"]], ["SOCIAL IG - Call for agenda items 2014-10-01", ["0042.html"]], ["Social IG Agenda for 3 September", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0004.html"]], ["Social IG meeting minutes Sept 3rd", ["0014.html"]], ["Updated Editor's Drafts", ["0048.html"]], ["Urgent: Register for Social Web at TPAC today!", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Use Cases to support work of Social WG", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["Use Cases to support work of Social WG]", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Use-cases for IG to begin with", ["0032.html"]], ["W3C Social IG Use Case TF", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0040.html"]]], [["#Admin - Social Interest Group administration info", ["0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["#Admin - Social Interest Group administration info]", ["0026.html"]], ["Agenda for Informal Social WG meeting Tuesday", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["First Informal meeting of Social Interest Group", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["First Meeting for W3C Social Interest Group", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Informal Social WG meeting today Tuesday 19th 16:00 EST/13:00 Pacific/20:00 Pacific", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Invited Experts for Social WG approved", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes for the August 5th Call Informal Social Web WG", ["0016.html"]], ["Minutes of first official WG meeting: August 26th)", ["0037.html"]], ["Minutes of our \"Not actually the last\" informal meeting Aug 12th", ["0020.html"]], ["R: Agenda for Informal Social WG meeting Tuesday", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["R: R: R: Social API: Scope", ["0000.html"]], ["Significant German document claims: Interoperability of social networking instances is \"almost impossible\"", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html"]], ["Social Interest Group Informal Meeting Minutes", ["0017.html"]], ["updated survey", ["0024.html"]], ["Vocab lead on vacation", ["0036.html"]], ["W3C Social Interest Group", ["0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["XMPP", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]]], [["Changing times for Social Web WG meeting?", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Changing times for Social Web WG meeting?]", ["0014.html"]], ["Doodle Poll for first Social IG teleconference and link for joining IG", ["0009.html"]], ["Informal Social WG/IG meeting 16:00 EST - +1-617-761-6200 (SOCL) #social", ["0002.html"]], ["Informal Social WG/IG meeting tomorrow", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["R: Informal Social WG/IG meeting tomorrow", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Second \"informal\" joint Social IG/WG meeting - August 5th 16:00 EST", ["0011.html"]], ["Social Interest Group launch, press release link", ["0000.html"]], ["Social Web/IG Informal Meeting Minutes July 29th", ["0010.html"]]]]