[[["[agenda] 1-May Publishing Steering Committee", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[agenda] 15-May Publishing Steering Committee", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["[minutes] Publishing Steering Committee 2020-05-01", ["0002.html"]], ["Fwd: Wendy and Marisa on audiobooks", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Latest position on EPUBCheck fundraising- 14 May 2020", ["0017.html"]], ["Position on EPUBCheck fund raising", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Wendy and Marisa on audiobooks", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[agenda] 1-May Publishing Steering Committee", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["[agenda] 17-April Publishing Steering Committee", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[Mintues] Steering Committee 2020-04-03", ["0005.html"]], ["[Minutes] Steering Comm meeting minutes 2020-04-17", ["0015.html"]], ["[PubSC] Agenda 2020-04-03", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["DRAFT PROPOSED EPUB 3 Working Group Charter https://w3c.github.io/epub-3-wg-charter/", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Latest position on EPUBCheck fundraising- 29 April 2020", ["0018.html"]]], [["20 March Publishing Steering Committee agenda", ["0006.html"]], ["Any thoughts about new people joininging the community group?", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["blog post", ["0005.html"]], ["Combining the EPUB 3 Community Group and the Publishing Community Group", ["0009.html"]], ["Fwd: NISO Newsline March 2020", ["0000.html"]], ["meeting record: 20 March Publishing Steering Committee", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["SC call today", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Time to close the survey?", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2020-02-07", ["0019.html"]], ["[PBG] Publishing Business Group chairs change", ["0041.html"]], ["Draft EPUB Survey: Feedback requested", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["EPUBcheck at IBM and how is it going?", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["F2F Agenda", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["Latest Survey Results in CSV", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["London Book Fair unveils new Audiobook Summit [feedly]", ["0051.html"]], ["New Member: The Washington Post", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0046.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["Survey results", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Survey results February 13", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["W3C Publishing Steering Committee Agenda 2/7/20", ["0016.html"]], ["Welcome Cristina", ["0056.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2020-01-24", ["0030.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2020-01-24]", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting minutes 2020-01-10", ["0014.html"]], ["Call Today", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["documents in advance of SC F2F", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["EPUBCheck needs support from Apple", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["F2F Agenda", ["0035.html"]], ["F2F agenda ideas", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["PubSC call today", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-12-13", ["0010.html"]], ["Meeting on Feb 24: was Next PubSC call, EPBUBCheck dev status", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["Next PubSC call, EPBUBCheck dev status", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Objective of survey: was Next PubSC call, EPBUBCheck dev status", ["0016.html"]], ["SC F2F Meeting in February", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-11-01", ["0004.html"]], ["[Minutes] SC minutes 2019-11-15", ["0011.html"]], ["Agenda for Call Today 11/15", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Fwd: [Contract for the Web WGD] Endorse the Contract for the Web and participate in its launch!", ["0005.html"]], ["idpf.org website relocated", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Please, keep confidential my previous mail", ["0006.html"]], ["W3C Publishing Steering Committee Call today", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C Publishing Steering Committee Call today:: regrets", ["0003.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-10-04", ["0010.html"]], ["EPUBCheck needs support from Apple", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Fwd: EPUB 3 Community Group Telecon, Thursday, October 10 at 16UTC", ["0009.html"]], ["Landing page for fund raising needs updating", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Looking back at TPAC 2019; public release of W3C Strategic Highlights; 25th anniversary of W3C", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["PBGSC Call Status?", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Publishing@W3C Steering Committee Meeting today", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["George can approach Apple for EPUBCheck funding, and I have seen no SC agenda for today", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Landing page for fund raising needs updating", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Looking back at TPAC 2019; public release of W3C Strategic Highlights; 25th anniversary of W3C", ["0005.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-08-09", ["0018.html"]], ["[Minutes] SC Meeting 2019-08-23", ["0052.html"]], ["Amazon", ["0015.html", "0013.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["CBS and Viacom", ["0035.html"]], ["Fwd: CBS and Viacom--Sam Cohen at S&S?", ["0036.html"]], ["Fwd: Question about Educational content structure", ["0038.html"]], ["Matt Garrish stepping in to help out!", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Nest PubSC call, Friday 9th August", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Next PubSC call, EPBUBCheck dev status", ["0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["Query from APA WG on longdesc usage", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Question about Educational content structure", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0039.html"]], ["Regrets: Nest PubSC call, Friday 9th August", ["0012.html"]], ["TPI Program Summary, 25 January 2019 [Pub SC Confidential]", ["0040.html", "0037.html", "0034.html"]]], [["About objectives of publishing strategy", ["0006.html"]], ["Are we having an SC call today?", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Checking on the status of adding Avneesh to the publishing SC and do we have a SC call this Friday July 12?", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["it's a girl!", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["Advisory Board Election Results", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda+ for PBGSC meeting 28 June 2019", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["EPUB 3.2 / EPUBCheck 4.2, Hachette Livre testimonial", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Minutes for 2019-06-28", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-05-03", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["[pbsc[ agenda for friday or cancel?", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Friday agenda", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-04-05", ["0002.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2019-04-19", ["0006.html"]], ["[PubSC] Proposed agenda for April 5th 2019", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Fwd: W3C [PBG]: EPUB 3.2 \u6295\u7968\u306e\u304a\u9858\u3044", ["0007.html"]], ["PubSC call today Friday April 19th", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["W3C [PBG SC] EPUBCheck development by DAISY, Phase 1 success and Phase 2 launch", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["W3C [PBG]: EPUB 3.2 \u6295\u7968\u306e\u304a\u9858\u3044", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes 2019-03-22", ["0013.html"]], ["[PubSC] Proposed agenda for 22 March 2019", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["[sc] Minutes 8 March 2019", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["EPUBCheck t-shirts", ["0004.html"]], ["SC call 8 March", ["0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Do we have a SC call today?", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Listing of publishing events", ["0000.html"]], ["News: Jun Murai enters the French National Order of the Legion of Honour", ["0008.html"]], ["SC call today CANCELLED", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["W3C [PUB-SC] Meeting Agenda", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["W3C blog post on EPUBCheck fundraising update", ["0007.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2019-01-11", ["0016.html"]], ["[Minutes] Steering committee minutes 2019-01-25", ["0024.html"]], ["agenda item for Friday", ["0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Agenda item for Friday --renewed fund raising for EPUBCheck", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Just an enjoyable read for the new year...", ["0000.html"]], ["Pub SC call, 2019 January 25th", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["published events calendar", ["0025.html"]], ["TPI Program Summary, 25 January 2019 [Pub SC Confidential]", ["0026.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2018-12-14", ["0011.html"]], ["Japanese Publishing Industry position on EPUB 3.2", ["0005.html"]], ["Latest position on EPUBCheck fundraising- 2 December 2018", ["0004.html"]], ["minutes 2018-11-30", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["PBG co-chair", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["SC call tomorrow?", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[External Coordination] Time to promote epubcheck fundraising to our contacts!", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["[External] Small Group for Rec Track Proposal", ["0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["[PBGSC] Agenda for 20181102 call", ["0001.html"]], ["[PBGSC] Proposition for an extra PBG Asian call for 20181113", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Agenda proposal for today's call", ["0053.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["EPUBCheck progress report for Publishing Steering Committee", ["0047.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for the SC, 2018-11-02", ["0002.html"]], ["Meeting times, structure, and alignment", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0019.html", "0015.html", "0007.html"]], ["PBG-SC today\u2019s call", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Small Group for Rec Track Proposal", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Updated invitation: Publishing Chairs/SC Call @ Every 2 weeks from 8am to 9am on Friday (PDT) (rick.johnson@ingramcontent.com)", ["0052.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]]], [["[External Coordination] Time to promote epubcheck fundraising to our contacts!", ["0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0073.html", "0038.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["add Wendy Reid to SC?", ["0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["agenda items for friday", ["0022.html", "0012.html"]], ["Are we meeting?", ["0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["authorization for W3C to release names to the PBG SC", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["epubcheck DAIY-W3C PBGSC MOU and SOW sugned", ["0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0025.html"]], ["epubcheck development and maintenance : draft MOU and SOW for formal aproval", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Epubcheck Development Update and Maintenance Request for Proposalc", ["0034.html"]], ["IDPF, TPI, PBG members", ["0035.html", "0032.html", "0029.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0011.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2018-10-05", ["0027.html"]], ["Minutes from 21 September 2018 Pub SC Call", ["0045.html"]], ["Offer letter to TPI Members [15 October 2018]", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["PBG SC Agenda for Friday", ["0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["PBG-SC meeting tomorrow", ["0060.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["Publishing Chairs/SC Call", ["0074.html", "0072.html", "0071.html"]], ["Today's position on epubcheck fundraising", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["warning on timezone change", ["0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html"]]], [["[External Coordination] Time to promote epubcheck fundraising to our contacts!", ["0049.html", "0046.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["Agenda items for PBG SC 9/21", ["0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["epubcheck development and maintenance : draft MOU and SOW for formal aproval", ["0054.html"]], ["epubcheck fundraising site ready to go live", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Exploring possible synergies between W3C verifiable claims working group and DIN IETF", ["0055.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["Invoices should go out tomorrow", ["0021.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2018-09-07", ["0020.html"]], ["Meeting today?", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Minutes from 21 September 2018 Pub SC Call", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html"]], ["question about the SC", ["0009.html", "0005.html", "0001.html"]], ["some news", ["0010.html"]], ["summary of call with DAISY", ["0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0002.html"]], ["TPAC Participation", ["0050.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["validator.idpf.org", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Web page for the fundraising", ["0000.html"]]], [["[External] Thanks for agreeing to review the RFPs", ["0011.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting Minutes 2018-07-31", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0000.html"]], ["[NISO sc34ballots] Groups - Ballot reminder: \"ISO/IEC/DTS 23078, Specification of DRM technology for e-book content\"", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0029.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0005.html", "0001.html"]], ["[NISO tc46ballots] Groups - Ballot opened: \"PDTS ISO/IEC 22424-1 EPUB Preservation - Part 1\"", ["0028.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0013.html"]], ["[NISO tc46ballots] Groups - Ballot opened: \"PDTS ISO/IEC 22424-2 EPUB Preservation - Part 2\"", ["0014.html"]], ["agenda item for Tuesday", ["0076.html"]], ["agenda+ for Friday", ["0068.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0050.html"]], ["announcement about awarding epubcheck?", ["0092.html", "0088.html", "0085.html", "0084.html"]], ["Are we having a call tomorrow?", ["0093.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0087.html"]], ["Bill McCoy has left the Publishing Business Group", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["DAISY Consortium as a possible way to accept funds", ["0075.html"]], ["EPUBCheck Fundraising Hosting", ["0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0060.html", "0056.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0032.html"]], ["Fwd: [NISO sc34ballots] Groups - Ballot reminder: \"ISO/IEC/DTS 23078, Specification of DRM technology for e-book content\"", ["0047.html"]], ["Fwd: Are we having a call tomorrow?", ["0091.html"]], ["Jeff Jaffe has joined the Publishing Business Group", ["0044.html", "0037.html"]], ["Leaving W3C Team", ["0006.html"]], ["question about the SC", ["0086.html", "0077.html"]], ["Recommendation from the RFP reviewers - epubcheck", ["0039.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0012.html"]], ["SC Meeting minutes, 2018-08-24", ["0078.html"]], ["summary of call with DAISY", ["0095.html", "0094.html"]], ["TPAC Participation", ["0082.html"]], ["Web page for the fundraising", ["0083.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html"]]], [["$1k commitment from DAISY for EpubCheck and please include in announcement", ["0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["[External] epubcheck review schedule", ["0022.html"]], ["[External] Regrets for PBG SC call today", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["[PBG] 20180717 NO MEETING", ["0019.html"]], ["[PBGSC] Draft agenda for Tuesday July 31st call", ["0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Agenda+ for EPUB 3.2", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda+ for Friday", ["0042.html", "0040.html"]], ["Educational Exercises and Activities Community Group Call for Participation", ["0020.html"]], ["EPUB ROADMAP TF update for PBG call", ["0006.html"]], ["Epubcheck Development Update and Maintenance Request for Proposalc", ["0018.html"]], ["epubcheck fundraising - 1 element needed to complete language", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["epubcheck fundraising - speak now or forever hold your peace", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0039.html"]], ["epubcheck review schedule", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html"]], ["Leaving W3C Team", ["0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2018-07-27", ["0047.html"]], ["minutes", ["0016.html"]], ["Proposal for EpubCheck development, update and maintenance", ["0017.html"]], ["Regrets for PBG SC call today", ["0007.html"]], ["Thanks for agreeing to review the RFPs", ["0025.html"]], ["TPAC regrets", ["0033.html"]]], [["[Minutes] for 2018-06-15", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["[NISO sc34ballots] Groups - Ballot opened: \"ISO/IEC/DTS 23078, Specification of DRM technology for e-book content\"", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["[read20-l] Meet the new boss..not at all like the old boss...", ["0015.html"]], ["Advisory Board Election Results", ["0012.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["agenda item for friday", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Agenda+ for EPUB 3.2", ["0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html"]], ["Epub's slow progress", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["epubcheck rfp - final details", ["0051.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["epubcheck RFP FINAL - Reply by Monday June 4th", ["0010.html"]], ["epubcheck RFP is LIVE", ["0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["Fwd: (Forward to others) Meeting invitation: Publ BG", ["0059.html"]], ["Fwd: Advisory Board Election Results", ["0000.html"]], ["Interesting....", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Interesting....)", ["0036.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["last call - please check cleaned-up Tokyo Workshop call for proposals doc", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["mathjax funding tiers", ["0009.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2018-06-29", ["0078.html"]], ["PBG Call on Tuesday, GTM conflict", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["PBG SC call today - 8:00am ET", ["0011.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Pub BG call tomorrow AM?", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2018-05-04", ["0011.html"]], ["Are we having an SC call tomorrow?", ["0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["epubcheck RFP draft - please comment by EOD Wednesday May 16th", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["EPUBZone - hacked / disposition? (URGENT)", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["PBG Steering Committee call tomorrow (Friday)? Tues PBG meeting agenda?", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["update on proposed Tokyo workshop in September", ["0021.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2018-04-06", ["0018.html"]], ["[Minutes] Meeting 2018-04-20", ["0052.html"]], ["[PBG] 20180424 Agenda for Call", ["0055.html", "0054.html"]], ["AB board elections starting again", ["0056.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Accessing Higher Ground form for submission", ["0053.html"]], ["agenda item for Friday", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0030.html"]], ["agenda topic for June 4 call: formality of EPUB 3.2 approval steps", ["0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Comics/Manga/FXL workshop - narrow scope to \"sequential art\"?", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["do we have a meeting today?", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["DRAFT [PBG] 20180410 Agenda for Call", ["0019.html"]], ["epubcheck RFP draft", ["0059.html"]], ["have we quantified the EPUBCheck \"ask\"?", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["IDPF accessibility guidelines pages have been redirected", ["0000.html"]], ["New iPad book-authoring app", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Reminder: PBG SC call today 11:00 ET (in one hour)", ["0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["WBS Reminder - 2018 Technical Plenary/AC Meetings Week Logistics for the Group Meetings (for Chairs) responses due 2018-04-27", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html"]]], [["[DRAFT] 72 hours call for consensus \u00adfor Publishing Community Group starts working on EPUB 3.2 proposal", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["[Minutes] 2018-03-09", ["0014.html"]], ["[Minutes] minutes of 2018-09-23", ["0032.html"]], ["[PBG-SC] Google Drive/Docs for PBG", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0023.html"]], ["[PBG] 20180313 call", ["0015.html"]], ["[PBG] Next calls", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["confirmation and agenda for tomorrow's PWG Steering Committee call", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["External Coordination Task Force", ["0012.html"]], ["IDPF Guidelines page copyright", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Next PBG Agenda call", ["0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["possible regrets for BillM (and Daihei/Junichi?) for Friday's SC call", ["0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["regrets for April 6 SC call", ["0034.html"]]], [["[NISO sc34ballots] Groups - Ballot opened: \"SHORT-TURN AROUND JTC1 SC34 - Document semantic support discussion paper\"", ["0022.html", "0018.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["[PBG-SC] Google Drive/Docs for PBG", ["0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["epubcheck prospectus", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["GSuite enterprise account for PBG and its Steering Committee", ["0007.html"]], ["Meeting minutes, 2018-02-23", ["0015.html"]], ["Separate 'publishing chairs'", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html"]], ["welcome to new PBG Steering Committee; call Friday 23 Feb 11:00 US ET", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Canceled: W3C SC for Publishing Business Group", ["0005.html"]], ["DRAFT of email to PBG announcing next meeting, new co-chairs, etc.", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["First Public Drafts for PWP & Co just published", ["0014.html"]], ["FYI: ODRL Information Model 2.2 and ODRL Vocabulary & Expression 2.2 are now W3C Proposed Recommendations", ["0013.html"]], ["Publishing Business Group - Next Steps", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]]], [["[public-publishing-sc] <none>", ["0005.html"]], ["Canceled:", ["0006.html"]], ["Canceled: W3C SC for Publishing Business Group", ["0007.html"]], ["FYI: Ace by DAISY: Open Source EPUB Accessibility Checker - Final Beta", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes of meeting 2017-12-01", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Publishing Business Group - Next Steps", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["SC activities", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[Minutes] Minutes of meeting, 2017-11-17", ["0019.html"]], ["[NISO tc46ballots] Groups - Ballots opened: 2", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["[read20-l] report from W3c publishing summit", ["0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["ebook usage", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Invitation: Publishing BS SC Call @ Fri Dec 1, 2017 8am - 9am (PST) (public-publishing-sc@w3.org)", ["0024.html"]], ["Invitation: Publishing SC Call @ Fri Nov 17, 2017 8am - 9am (PST) (public-publishing-sc@w3.org)", ["0012.html"]], ["Meeting invitation: PUBL BG Future", ["0020.html"]], ["Meeting on the 1st", ["0025.html", "0021.html"]], ["Publishing BG planning call today 11am ET - reminder and draft agenda", ["0017.html"]], ["Publishing BG planning meeting Friday Nov 17 11am ET", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Reminder about requesting invoice", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["SC activities", ["0032.html"]], ["slides from Pub Summit - will publish week of Dec 4", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Steering Committee meeting on Oct 31.", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0000.html"]], ["Untitled document", ["0016.html"]], ["Updated invitation: Publishing BS SC Call @ Fri Dec 1, 2017 8am - 9am (PST) (public-publishing-sc@w3.org)", ["0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["Updated invitation: Publishing SC Call @ Fri Nov 17, 2017 8am - 9am (PST) (public-publishing-sc@w3.org)", ["0018.html"]], ["W3C review of PDTS 22424-1/2, EPUB 3 Preservation", ["0013.html"]]], [["Can't get into meeting", ["0041.html"]], ["Canceled: W3C SC for Publishing Business Group", ["0021.html"]], ["EPUB and Accessibility in eCampus News", ["0023.html"]], ["Frankfurt Buchmesse - invitation at Cocktail - Italia Stand", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["ISO recommendations from the publishing sub-group identified by the SC", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes of meeting 2017-10-03", ["0016.html"]], ["My blog about the Summit", ["0022.html"]], ["Oct. 24th PBG meeting", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Oct. 3 meeting", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0020.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Steering Committee meeting on Oct 31.", ["0042.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["W3C SC for Publishing Business Group", ["0043.html"]]], [["20170905 W3C Steering Committee agenda", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Accessibility article", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["funding for EPUB training (and bigger question about funding for EPUB 3 ecosystem)", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Fwd: Article on W3C Publishing in dpr?", ["0009.html"]], ["Fwd: Looking for Speaker for Book Business Webinar", ["0010.html"]], ["Looking for Speaker for Book Business Webinar", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for the 2017-09-19", ["0017.html"]], ["Minutes for 2017-09-05...", ["0008.html"]], ["please promote W3C Publishing Summit ASAP", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Sept 19 SC meeting", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]]], [["F2F followup and summer schedule", ["0000.html"]], ["Meeting tomorrow", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Minutes for yesterday's minutes (2017-08-22)", ["0008.html"]], ["W3C SC for Publishing Business Group", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Draft Agenda for July 11 SC meeting", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Agenda item: EPUB 3 affirmation for the publishing community", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Canceled: W3C PBG Steering Committee Meeting", ["0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["Dr. Cho submitting EPUB 3.01 to ISO", ["0026.html"]], ["EPUB usage", ["0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["F2F followup and summer schedule", ["0054.html"]], ["Fwd: Draft explanatory report for the ISO/IEC TS 30135 EPUB3 revision", ["0010.html"]], ["Meeting minutes, 2017-06-13", ["0011.html"]], ["Meetup at the F2F", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Minutes of meeting 2017-06-27", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["SC meeting", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["sorry for missing the call today", ["0031.html", "0028.html"]], ["Summer schedule for PBG", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0047.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["Summit agenda possibility", ["0046.html"]], ["The WebEx dial data have changed!", ["0003.html"]], ["W3C PBG Steering Committee Meeting Minutes", ["0048.html"]], ["W3C SC Dinner in NYC", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html"]]], [["Agenda for May 16", ["0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html"]], ["Agenda for May 2", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda item: EPUB 3 affirmation for the publishing community", ["0125.html", "0124.html", "0123.html", "0122.html", "0121.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html"]], ["Decision for an ISO/IEC TS for EPUB Accessibility 1.1", ["0110.html"]], ["does SC care if it's W3C Publishing Summit or Publishing@W3C Summit?", ["0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0082.html"]], ["epubcheck update", ["0094.html", "0083.html"]], ["late incoming: Publishing@W3C Summit Theme", ["0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Meeting minutes, 2017-05-30", ["0117.html"]], ["Meetup at the F2F", ["0120.html", "0119.html", "0118.html"]], ["Minutes of yesterday's meeting....", ["0004.html"]], ["SC meeting", ["0114.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html"]], ["SC meeting (Pub Summit update)", ["0113.html", "0109.html"]], ["W3C PBG Steering Committee Meeting", ["0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html"]]], [["About formal objections to the PWG Charter", ["0074.html", "0073.html"]], ["about the Nov events", ["0056.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Added a proposed mission statement to the charter", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda for April 18", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Agenda items for 4/4 steering committee call", ["0019.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Beijing AC meeting presentation", ["0045.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Cristina's diplomacy", ["0026.html"]], ["For the records: Publ WG F2F logistics", ["0077.html", "0076.html"]], ["Fwd: [wbs] response to 'Call for Review: Publishing Working Group Charter'", ["0068.html", "0065.html"]], ["I have sent the charter to W3M for approval", ["0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Learn how to expand your audience with audiobooks!", ["0050.html"]], ["Minutes from W3C Publishing SC Meeting 4/4/17", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Minutes of our last meeting", ["0075.html"]], ["Presentation for the AC meeting", ["0060.html", "0055.html"]], ["Some implications of the EPUB for Education Profile issue", ["0018.html"]], ["Start of Advisory Board Election - Call for Nominations", ["0043.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["W3C PBG new calendar events", ["0005.html"]], ["W3C PBG Steering Committee Meeting", ["0064.html", "0006.html"]]], [["Added a proposed mission statement to the charter", ["0144.html", "0143.html", "0142.html", "0141.html", "0140.html", "0139.html", "0138.html", "0137.html", "0136.html", "0135.html", "0134.html", "0133.html", "0132.html"]], ["advancing EPUB 3", ["0102.html", "0101.html"]], ["Agenda for tomorrow", ["0118.html", "0117.html", "0116.html", "0115.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html"]], ["Browser outreach?", ["0110.html", "0109.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0069.html"]], ["DRM Issue in the Publications WG Charter", ["0098.html", "0097.html", "0095.html"]], ["git hub login", ["0121.html"]], ["How to close things tomorrow...", ["0131.html", "0130.html", "0129.html", "0128.html", "0127.html", "0126.html", "0125.html"]], ["invitation", ["0123.html"]], ["opportunity to represent Publishing@W3C at IDEAlliance event in NYC April 17", ["0100.html", "0090.html", "0084.html"]], ["Proposed charter change for the 'Why EPUB 4' issue", ["0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0046.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Publishing repository set up", ["0124.html"]], ["Re 2: W3C Publishing Business Group call Tuesday March 28, 16:00 CET", ["0099.html", "0096.html", "0093.html", "0092.html"]], ["results of Doodle poll for standing PBG/PBG-SC meeting time", ["0094.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Status of issues", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["thanks (and couple of follow ups from PBG-SC meeting)", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C Publishing Business Group call Tuesday March 28, 16:00 CET", ["0122.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0091.html", "0089.html", "0085.html"]]], [["EPUB 3 Community Group proposed", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Launching the W3C Publishing Steering Committee - Welcome to the Steering Committee members", ["0005.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]]]