[[["*Deadline extension* for [CfP] Second International Workshop on Semantic Statistics (SemStats 2014)", ["0000.html"]]], [["Contribution to World Environment Day - Energy Buildings Performance Scenarios launched as Linked Open Data", ["0001.html"]], ["Free LOD2 Webinar: SIREn - 24.06.14", ["0002.html"]], ["George Thomas Memorial Fellowship announced by USA CTO Todd Park!", ["0000.html"]]], [["[CfP] Second International Workshop on Semantic Statistics (SemStats 2014)", ["0001.html"]], ["RuleML: Rule Challenge 2014 Final Call for Papers", ["0002.html"]], ["Tribute to George", ["0000.html"]]], [["Free LOD2 Webinar: UnifiedViews - 10.04.14", ["0000.html"]]], [["Free LOD2 Webinar: The NLP Interchange Format (NIF) - 27.02.14", ["0000.html"]], ["Survey on selecting properties worth visualizing", ["0001.html"]]], [["Ann: PoolParty SKOS Quality Checker based on qSKOS!", ["0002.html"]], ["First DCAT erratum", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Free LOD2 Webinar on lightweight text analytics based on Linked Data with conTEXT", ["0001.html"]], ["LD-BP published", ["0000.html"]], ["Sincere thanks everyone", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Vocabs go to REC", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["[gld minutes] 05-December-2013", ["0013.html"]], ["a few little points on bp", ["0054.html", "0051.html"]], ["ACTION-149 - back references", ["0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Additional review and telecon (Tuesday) for Best Practices", ["0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0053.html"]], ["AW: AW: AW: ORG browser", ["0017.html"]], ["AW: Best Practices review", ["0044.html"]], ["AW: ORG and Data Cube transition requests updated", ["0016.html"]], ["AW: PLEASE VOTE on publishing BP", ["0091.html"]], ["Best Practices doc review", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["Best Practices editors: to-do list & timelines - For tomorrow's meeting", ["0011.html"]], ["Best Practices review", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0049.html", "0043.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Best Practices \u2014 document to the WG today?", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["BP 5-Star Scheme", ["0079.html", "0078.html"]], ["CFP: ICSE 2014 Workshop on Inclusive Web Programming, Hyderabad, India", ["0012.html"]], ["Conneg in place for DCAT", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Discovering and presenting QB observations", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["namespace documents -- vocabspec 0.0.2", ["0034.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["New Zakim code for today's telecon for Best Practices", ["0067.html"]], ["ORG and Data Cube transition requests updated", ["0015.html"]], ["ORG browser", ["0018.html"]], ["ORG browser)", ["0057.html", "0052.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0019.html"]], ["PLEASE VOTE on publishing BP", ["0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0077.html", "0076.html"]], ["post-vote changes to best practices", ["0101.html", "0100.html"]], ["Quick review of the BP doc", ["0009.html"]], ["Request to join GLD WG as an invited expert", ["0002.html"]], ["Two new DCAT Implementations", ["0014.html"]], ["URI patterns for RDF Data Cube", ["0006.html"]], ["Vocabs Published, Need AC Feedback", ["0068.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 05-Dec-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 12-Dec-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0050.html", "0036.html"]], ["Winding up GLD", ["0070.html", "0069.html"]]], [["[DCAT] dcat:mediaType use .", ["0001.html"]], ["[gld minutes] 21-November-2013", ["0060.html"]], ["[minutes] 2013-11-07", ["0018.html"]], ["ACTION-155 Review domains and ranges as implied/stated by the spec and encoded in the schema", ["0076.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html"]], ["AW: AW: AW: ORG browser", ["0069.html"]], ["AW: ISSUE-69 (IC-8 Errata): Typo in IC-8 rule [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0014.html"]], ["Best Practices editors: to-do list & timelines - For tomorrow's meeting", ["0080.html", "0079.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["Changes allowed at CR - diagrams?", ["0059.html", "0054.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["Comments on best practices draft", ["0029.html"]], ["Data Cube update", ["0070.html", "0061.html", "0010.html"]], ["DCAT implementation reports updated", ["0078.html", "0077.html"]], ["Free Linked Open Data Webinar on Classification and Quality Analysis with DL-Learner and ORE", ["0026.html"]], ["Fwd: WHOI DCAT Implementation Statement (DRAFT)", ["0053.html"]], ["ISSUE-69 (IC-8 Errata): Typo in IC-8 rule [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0011.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["ISSUE-70 (accessurl): Define dcat:downloadURL as sub property of dcat:accessURL [DCAT]", ["0023.html"]], ["Link to RDF vocabulary for QB", ["0046.html", "0042.html", "0038.html"]], ["Naive question on DCAT versioning)", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["ORG update", ["0055.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Quick review of the BP doc", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Rec-track editors: planning for PR transition (to-do list and timing)", ["0019.html"]], ["Reminder: European Data Forum 2014 - Call for Contribution ends 10.12. 2013", ["0037.html"]], ["status of DCAT", ["0058.html"]], ["The Data Catalog Vocabulary (DCAT) is a W3C Candidate Recommendation", ["0015.html"]], ["Two new DCAT Implementations", ["0025.html"]], ["updated respec", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 07-Nov-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 14-Nov-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0020.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 21-Nov-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0030.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 28-Nov-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0071.html"]]], [["[Data cube] Implementation report", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["[Data cube] Implementation report - Linked Data Cubes Explorer (LDCX)", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["[DCAT] dcat:mediaType use .", ["0048.html"]], ["[minutes] 2013-10-17", ["0016.html"]], ["[QB] Implementation report", ["0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["AgID implementation of ORG", ["0064.html", "0026.html"]], ["AW: Today's transition resolution: DCAT to Candidate Rec", ["0033.html"]], ["AW: W3C GLD WG Thur 17-Oct-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0011.html"]], ["DCAT comments", ["0052.html", "0050.html", "0049.html"]], ["dcat exit criteria - dcat namespace only?", ["0018.html"]], ["DCAT implementation", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["dcat next steps", ["0037.html", "0029.html"]], ["ESCO SKOS/RDF Taxonomy", ["0042.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["European Data Forum 2014 (EDF2014) - Call for Contributions is open", ["0000.html"]], ["Free Webinar on the release 3.0 of the LOD2 stack", ["0001.html"]], ["Implementations for DCAT", ["0051.html"]], ["Naive question on DCAT versioning)", ["0063.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0053.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["status of DCAT", ["0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Today's transition resolution: DCAT to Candidate Rec", ["0043.html", "0041.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Vocabulary visualization - can you help?", ["0014.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 17-Oct-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0012.html", "0009.html", "0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 24-Oct-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0025.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 24-Oct-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda // Note the time change!", ["0055.html", "0054.html"]]], [["AW: AW: AW: AW: AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0002.html"]], ["DCAT turtle", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["DCAT turtle)", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Save the Date: European Data Forum 2014 takes place 19-20 March 2014 in Athens!", ["0001.html"]], ["Workshop: How Linked Open Data supports Sustainable Development (Workshop at OKCon13)", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]]], [["AW: AW: AW: AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0012.html"]], ["AW: DCAT 2nd last call draft: 24 hours to review it", ["0001.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Data Catalog Vocabulary (DCAT)", ["0008.html"]], ["Naive question on DCAT versioning", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Official response to RDF-ISSUE-135: GLD WG feedback on JSON-LD and API", ["0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["ORG & Data Cube: please help us find implementations!", ["0007.html"]], ["Reminder: No GLD meeting today", ["0009.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 01-Aug-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0006.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 15-Aug-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0011.html"]]], [["*Deadline Extension* / Final CFP: First International Workshop on Semantic Statistics (SemStats 2013) + challenge @ ISWC 2013", ["0011.html"]], ["[QB] Implementation report: stats.270a.info", ["0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["Asset Description Metadata Schema (ADMS) [SEC=UNCLASSIFIED]", ["0050.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]], ["AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0030.html"]], ["AW: AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0034.html"]], ["AW: AW: AW: AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0012.html"]], ["AW: AW: ORG browser", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["AW: ORG browser", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["AW: ucr shortnames ?", ["0033.html"]], ["CFP: First International Workshop on Semantic Statistics (SemStats 2013) + challenge @ ISWC 2013", ["0000.html"]], ["DCAT 2nd last call draft: 24 hours to review it", ["0054.html"]], ["DCAT and date", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["dcat diff, please review", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["GLD WG feedback on JSON-LD and API", ["0035.html"]], ["GLD WG feedback on JSON-LD and API (RDF-ISSUE-135)", ["0058.html"]], ["ISSUE-68 (QB validation gap): QB validation rules lack miss a potentially common case [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0025.html"]], ["ISWC 2013: Call for Application: Student Travel Awards", ["0024.html"]], ["Linked Data Glossary is published!", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["minutes / actions from today", ["0031.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Naive question on DCAT versioning", ["0057.html", "0056.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0045.html"]], ["No W3C GLD WG call today 11-July-2013", ["0013.html"]], ["No W3C GLD WG mtg today", ["0009.html"]], ["No W3C GLD Working Group call 24-Jul", ["0038.html"]], ["Public review DCAT Application Profile for data portals in Europe until 15 July 2013", ["0010.html"]], ["ucr shortnames ?", ["0032.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG is meeting Thur 18-Jul usual time", ["0029.html", "0026.html", "0021.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 01-Aug-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0055.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 18-Jul-2013 - Meeting Agenda", ["0023.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 18-Jul-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0022.html"]]], [["[QB] One more editorial fix", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0024.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["AW: AW: AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0039.html", "0006.html"]], ["AW: Minutes & follow up from 20-June-2013 GLD WG mtg", ["0031.html"]], ["CFP: SemStats 2013 @ ISWC 2013 --deadline 12 July", ["0021.html"]], ["Collecting Best Practise Process for GLD - the 10 steps to GLD / LOD", ["0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Editorial changes requested by EC for ADMS and regOrg (was Fwd: W3C Note)", ["0001.html"]], ["EMAIL VOTE on decision to make for owl-time dependency \"at risk\"", ["0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Free Webinar on Linked Data Classification and Quality Analysis with DL-Learner and ORE", ["0002.html"]], ["Free Webinar on POWDER W3C Recommendation, use cases and future directions", ["0010.html"]], ["Fwd: Launching the Open Data Directory [via Open Data Directory Community Group]", ["0034.html"]], ["Launching the Open Data Directory [via Open Data Directory Community Group]", ["0045.html", "0035.html"]], ["Linked Data Glossary is published!", ["0046.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Meeting tomorrow: agenda to follow", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Minutes & follow up from 20-June-2013 GLD WG mtg", ["0023.html"]], ["No GLD WG call on Thur 27-June", ["0036.html"]], ["No W3C GLD telecon Thursday 6-June-2013", ["0000.html"]], ["No W3C GLD WG telecon today 13-June-2013", ["0011.html"]], ["org and data-cube at CR", ["0033.html"]], ["Publishing Open Government Data", ["0015.html"]], ["RegOrg deployment", ["0032.html"]], ["Reporting - 1st Latin American Linked Data Meetup", ["0047.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 20-Jun-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0022.html"]]], [["2013-05-23 minutes", ["0119.html"]], ["[fyi] \"Google adds JSON-LD support to Search and Google Now\"", ["0092.html"]], ["[GLD] minutes of 2013-05-30.", ["0154.html"]], ["[ORG] CR candidate render and CR duration question", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0032.html", "0018.html"]], ["[ORG] CR preparation", ["0040.html", "0033.html", "0016.html"]], ["[ORG] Implementations?", ["0022.html", "0017.html"]], ["[QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0153.html", "0114.html", "0111.html"]], ["[QB] CR preparation", ["0058.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0034.html", "0028.html"]], ["[QB] One more editorial fix", ["0084.html"]], ["ACTION-104 Some text on URI persistence", ["0115.html"]], ["ADMS and RegOrg, ready for publication?", ["0070.html", "0069.html", "0064.html"]], ["ADMS progress", ["0047.html"]], ["ADMS review", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["ADMS updated", ["0019.html"]], ["ADMS updated. It and RegOrg ready to go?", ["0093.html", "0091.html"]], ["API description (ref DCAT)", ["0087.html"]], ["AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0135.html", "0134.html", "0132.html"]], ["AW: AW: [QB-UCR] Review comments", ["0148.html", "0147.html", "0146.html"]], ["AW: FPWD and Working Group Note defs for QB UCR discussion", ["0129.html"]], ["AW: LD Glossary - feedback on form of publishing", ["0150.html", "0149.html"]], ["AW: QB UC WG Note - Call for Reviewers", ["0131.html", "0088.html"]], ["AW: W3C GLD WG Thur 02-May-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0006.html"]], ["CFP: First International Workshop on Semantic Statistics (SemStats 2013) @ ISWC 2013", ["0025.html"]], ["Comments on ADMS draft", ["0046.html", "0029.html"]], ["DCAT Application profile public review period", ["0067.html"]], ["DCAT ISSUE-60", ["0082.html"]], ["DCAT Last Call issues: Category and Category Scheme", ["0143.html"]], ["DCAT versioning or dct:modified property use", ["0110.html", "0109.html"]], ["def'n of resource?", ["0039.html", "0037.html", "0035.html"]], ["def'n of resource?)", ["0128.html", "0127.html", "0126.html", "0125.html", "0124.html", "0123.html", "0122.html", "0121.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0112.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0095.html"]], ["Error in DCAT spec.", ["0108.html", "0051.html"]], ["FPWD and Working Group Note defs for QB UCR discussion", ["0120.html"]], ["Free Linked Open Data Webinar on CubeViz - a facetted browser for statistical data", ["0085.html"]], ["Fwd: Data Cube ready to go", ["0068.html"]], ["Fwd: JSON-LD review", ["0059.html"]], ["Fwd: We're making a lot more data open to the public", ["0065.html"]], ["GLD WG feedback on JSON-LD and API", ["0156.html", "0151.html"]], ["GLD WG feedback on JSON-LD and API // RDF-ISSUE-135", ["0157.html"]], ["glossary diff", ["0053.html"]], ["glossary entry: 5 Star Linked Data", ["0086.html", "0083.html", "0081.html", "0076.html"]], ["Greek and Italian Implementation experience of ORG", ["0048.html", "0045.html"]], ["ISSUE-66 (DCAT-dataset): Define dcat:dataset as sub property of dcterms:hasPart [DCAT]", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["ISSUE-67 (DCATdatastContact): Add contactPoint to dcat:Dataset [DCAT]", ["0012.html"]], ["JSON-LD and API editorial review", ["0090.html"]], ["JSON-LD editorial review (JSON-LD API to follow)", ["0080.html"]], ["JSON-LD review", ["0060.html"]], ["LD Glossary - feedback on form of publishing", ["0152.html", "0139.html"]], ["Meeting minutes", ["0079.html", "0078.html"]], ["Minutes from today's meeting", ["0013.html"]], ["Open Data Stack Exchange", ["0094.html"]], ["ORG and reuse of vCard Ontology", ["0055.html", "0054.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["ORG browser", ["0130.html", "0113.html"]], ["Please add your organization to the updated W3C Directory", ["0052.html"]], ["QB UC WG Note - Call for Reviewers", ["0133.html", "0089.html", "0077.html"]], ["QB Use Case WG Note - Call for Reviewers", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["RDF-JSON glossary definition", ["0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["Re Tomorrow's agenda (delayed delivery)", ["0050.html"]], ["RegOrg updates", ["0049.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0145.html", "0144.html"]], ["Status update on GLD Community Directory & getting together by telecon/skype?", ["0155.html", "0138.html", "0137.html", "0136.html"]], ["Towards a stable proposal for Vocab conformance in BP doc", ["0007.html"]], ["Vocabulary visualization - can you help?", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 23-May-2013", ["0116.html", "0096.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 02-May-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 09-May-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 15-May-2013 - Meeting Agenda", ["0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 15-May-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 30-May-2013", ["0142.html", "0141.html", "0140.html"]]], [["[Minutes] 2013-04-26", ["0066.html"]], ["[ORG] LC Summary updated", ["0018.html"]], ["[QB] Last Call updated summary", ["0019.html", "0016.html"]], ["ADMS changes in prep for publication as a Note", ["0006.html"]], ["ADMS review", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Arranging transition to CR (wiki pages)", ["0040.html", "0031.html", "0027.html"]], ["AW: ISSUE-59 (FC-HierarchicalCodeList): Last Call comment. Frank Cotton on qb:HierarchicalCodeList [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0063.html"]], ["AW: W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 04-Apr-2013 - Agenda - QB UCR", ["0002.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions (Update): Registered Organization Vocabulary", ["0021.html"]], ["DCAT and ADMS", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["F2F3: agenda for day 2", ["0023.html"]], ["Fixing March 21 minutes", ["0000.html"]], ["Free Linked Open Data Webinar on Virtuoso Column Store", ["0046.html"]], ["Fwd: [open-government] Open Government Data Standardisation - worth the hassle?", ["0060.html"]], ["Getting closer to JSON Linked Data", ["0053.html"]], ["GLD WG minutes Thur 18-04-2013", ["0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["ISSUE-59 (FC-HierarchicalCodeList): Last Call comment. Frank Cotton on qb:HierarchicalCodeList [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["ISSUE-60 (licenseOrRights): dct:license vs. dct:rights [DCAT]", ["0032.html"]], ["ISSUE-61 (licenseOrRights): dct:license vs. dct:rights [DCAT]", ["0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["ISSUE-62 (DCATscope): Clarify scope of datasets and distributions [DCAT]", ["0035.html"]], ["ISSUE-63 (DCATfuzzyDate): How to treat underspecified dates in DCAT?", ["0037.html"]], ["ISSUE-64 (caseSensitivity): Property and class names differing only in case [DCAT]", ["0038.html"]], ["ISSUE-65 (DCATdatasetVersions): Add properties for dataset versioning [DCAT]", ["0039.html"]], ["Last call comment disposition pages: DCAT, Data Cube and Best Practices", ["0022.html"]], ["Last Call page structure", ["0010.html"]], ["Last Call: JSON-LD 1.0 and JSON-LD 1.0 Algorithms and API", ["0058.html"]], ["Link for the ODW minutes", ["0067.html"]], ["more details on implementation reports", ["0026.html"]], ["New Multilingual Web CG", ["0047.html", "0045.html"]], ["ORG futures", ["0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0041.html"]], ["QB UC WG Note - Call for Reviewers", ["0064.html"]], ["Reminder for W3C GLD WG F2F3", ["0020.html"]], ["Semantic Information Federation Workshop - Call for Papers", ["0061.html", "0057.html"]], ["Thank you for GLD WG F2F", ["0036.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Towards a stable proposal for Vocab conformance in BP doc", ["0065.html"]], ["Uses Cases and Requirements for the Open Data Directory - Draft Open for Comments", ["0011.html"]], ["Vocabulary visualization - can you help?", ["0054.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0030.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 04-Apr-2013 - Agenda", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 18-Apr-2013 - Agenda", ["0052.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 24-Apr-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0062.html", "0059.html"]]], [["2013-03-14 minutes including new resolutions", ["0137.html", "0135.html", "0134.html"]], ["2013-03-28 minutes", ["0206.html"]], ["[DCAT-minutes] extra telco on 08-03-2013", ["0076.html"]], ["[DCAT] extra telco doodle", ["0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["[DCAT] extra telco on Friday 10:00 AM (GMT)", ["0046.html", "0045.html"]], ["[DCAT] reminder - extra telco doodle", ["0042.html"]], ["[ORG] Close issues", ["0175.html"]], ["[QB] Disposition of issues", ["0041.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-29 Well-formedness", ["0033.html", "0027.html", "0023.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0014.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-31 (Aggregation hierarchies) Discussion and proposal", ["0034.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0000.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-33 Discussion and possible resolutions", ["0021.html", "0018.html", "0013.html"]], ["[QB] Last Call document draft", ["0142.html", "0140.html", "0107.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0065.html", "0059.html", "0055.html", "0043.html", "0040.html"]], ["Agenda?", ["0050.html", "0049.html"]], ["AW: [QB] Disposition of issues", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0057.html"]], ["AW: [QB] ISSUE-30 Proposed resolution", ["0011.html"]], ["AW: [QB] ISSUE-32 relation to O&M", ["0016.html", "0010.html", "0005.html", "0001.html"]], ["AW: [QB] ISSUE-34 proposed resolution", ["0017.html", "0012.html", "0004.html"]], ["AW: [QB] Last Call document draft", ["0064.html", "0063.html", "0058.html"]], ["AW: AW: [QB] ISSUE-30 Proposed resolution", ["0003.html"]], ["AW: AW: [QB] ISSUE-33 Discussion and possible resolutions", ["0002.html"]], ["AW: AW: [QB] Last Call document draft", ["0108.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0088.html", "0074.html"]], ["AW: AW: [QB] Last Call document draft)", ["0095.html", "0094.html", "0083.html"]], ["AW: AW: AW: [QB] Last Call document draft", ["0099.html"]], ["AW: LD Glossary - feedback on form of publishing", ["0203.html", "0149.html"]], ["BP - Pending Actions", ["0129.html", "0126.html"]], ["Brief introduction and some notes on ISSUE-41 (alt/alternative): use of skos:altLabel or dcterms:alternative [Registered Organization Vocabulary]", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: The RDF Data Cube Vocabulary; Data Catalog Vocabulary (DCAT)", ["0124.html"]], ["Classification of open datasets...", ["0035.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Confirming numbers for in-person attendance at W3C GLD WG F2F3", ["0198.html"]], ["Conflicts between Cube and DCAT in metadata properties", ["0106.html", "0105.html", "0104.html", "0103.html"]], ["Conflicts between Cube and DCAT in metadata properties)", ["0109.html"]], ["DCAT actions: catalog record definition, permanent identifier", ["0073.html"]], ["dcat and qb last calls published", ["0128.html", "0123.html", "0122.html"]], ["DCAT Extra Telco minutes", ["0085.html", "0082.html"]], ["DCAT Last Call issues", ["0177.html"]], ["DCAT Last Call issues: additional rules for skos:Concept", ["0201.html", "0200.html", "0199.html", "0197.html", "0196.html", "0187.html", "0181.html"]], ["DCAT Last Call issues: Category and Category Scheme", ["0188.html", "0182.html"]], ["DCAT Last Call issues: definition of Dataset -- availability", ["0195.html", "0194.html", "0186.html", "0178.html"]], ["DCAT Last Call issues: definition of Dataset -- examples", ["0190.html", "0185.html", "0180.html"]], ["DCAT Last Call issues: definition of Dataset -- single source", ["0184.html", "0179.html"]], ["DCAT Last Call issues: range of dct:language", ["0193.html", "0192.html", "0191.html", "0189.html", "0183.html"]], ["DCAT UCR, ORG last call, ADMS, People and Community Directory", ["0101.html", "0093.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0084.html", "0081.html", "0077.html", "0075.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0067.html"]], ["Draft message text for asking for help reviewing our deliverables", ["0174.html", "0173.html", "0172.html", "0170.html", "0169.html", "0168.html"]], ["Feedback on LD glossary", ["0160.html", "0156.html", "0155.html", "0153.html"]], ["Fixing March 21 minutes", ["0209.html", "0208.html"]], ["Fwd: [euopendata] Classification of open datasets...", ["0029.html"]], ["Fwd: Classification of open datasets...", ["0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["Fwd: Daylight Saving Time change \u2013first half of 2013", ["0044.html"]], ["GBPN Knowledge Platform - Making Use of (Linked) Open Data", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Getting DCAT ready for publication (last call)", ["0102.html", "0100.html", "0098.html"]], ["GLD WG Best Practices document review.", ["0145.html", "0144.html"]], ["Housekeeping: Recalculated deadlines on our wiki", ["0171.html"]], ["ISSUE-39: Use of skos:Collections, proposed resolution compatible with ISSUE-31", ["0015.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Keeping organised: Changes to our GLD wiki pages", ["0080.html", "0069.html", "0066.html"]], ["Last call comment disposition pages: DCAT, Data Cube and Best Practices", ["0207.html"]], ["LD Glossary - feedback on form of publishing", ["0151.html", "0150.html", "0139.html", "0138.html"]], ["linked data standards (re Linked Data Glossary)", ["0162.html", "0161.html"]], ["LOD2 Plenary Amsterdam - Side Event: LOD MeetUp Amsterdam", ["0143.html"]], ["Minutes for W3C GLD WG telec 07-Mar-2013", ["0056.html"]], ["Minutes for W3C GLD WG telecon 24-Jan-2013", ["0141.html", "0127.html", "0125.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["Publishing of DCAT. delayed till Thursday", ["0121.html", "0120.html", "0119.html"]], ["Request for pre-review of Linked Data Glossary", ["0165.html", "0159.html", "0158.html", "0157.html", "0154.html", "0152.html", "0148.html", "0147.html", "0146.html"]], ["Resolving ISSUE-14, dcat:permanentIdentifier", ["0114.html", "0113.html", "0110.html", "0092.html", "0087.html", "0079.html"]], ["Resolving ISSUE-54, relationship of DCAT to VoID", ["0115.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0091.html", "0086.html", "0078.html"]], ["Revised Community Directory requirements (as of 7-Mar-2013)", ["0062.html"]], ["Sequester: Agencies will probably have to adjust their strategic goals and objectives!", ["0202.html", "0176.html"]], ["status of dcat?", ["0136.html", "0133.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0116.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 07-Mar-2013 - Agenda", ["0167.html", "0166.html", "0163.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 07-Mar-2013 - Agenda)", ["0164.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 14-March-2013 NOTE TIME DIFFERENCES IN US & EU THIS WEEK", ["0132.html", "0131.html", "0130.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 27-Mar-2013", ["0205.html", "0204.html"]]], [["[dcat] Distribution re-design proposal", ["0019.html"]], ["[dcat] issue 10 - dcat:granularity - proposal", ["0001.html"]], ["[GLD] Minutes of 14 February 2013", ["0022.html"]], ["[ORG] Actions discharged", ["0079.html"]], ["[ORG] Disposition of issues", ["0073.html", "0068.html", "0062.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0040.html"]], ["[ORG] Draft response to PROV WG", ["0048.html", "0046.html", "0041.html"]], ["[QB] Editorial structure question", ["0086.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-29 Well-formedness", ["0106.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-30 Proposed resolution", ["0085.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-31 (Aggregation hierarchies) Discussion and proposal", ["0097.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-32 relation to O&M", ["0114.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-33 Discussion and possible resolutions", ["0087.html"]], ["[QB] ISSUE-34 proposed resolution", ["0084.html"]], ["[RegOrg] Issue-45 - request for review", ["0092.html", "0080.html"]], ["AW: [QB] ISSUE-30 Proposed resolution", ["0109.html", "0108.html"]], ["AW: [QB] ISSUE-31 (Aggregation hierarchies) Discussion and proposal", ["0113.html", "0112.html"]], ["AW: [QB] ISSUE-33 Discussion and possible resolutions", ["0111.html", "0107.html"]], ["AW: [QB] ISSUE-34 proposed resolution", ["0110.html"]], ["AW: QB UC document update + thoughts about consolidated UC document", ["0020.html"]], ["can non-members join this mailing list?", ["0105.html", "0102.html", "0101.html"]], ["Community Directory Open Actions", ["0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html"]], ["dcat:accessURL issue", ["0002.html"]], ["Free Linked Open Data Webinar on DBpedia Spotlight", ["0060.html"]], ["Fwd: Linked SDMX Data", ["0044.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["FYI reuse of people/organization terms", ["0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["ISSUE-41 (alt/alternative): use of skos:altLabel or dcterms:alternative [Registered Organization Vocabulary]", ["0104.html", "0100.html", "0098.html", "0096.html"]], ["ISSUE-54 (DCAT+VoID): Relationship of DCAT and VoID [DCAT]", ["0000.html"]], ["ISSUE-55 (wasDerivedFrom): Use of prov:wasDerivedFrom [Organization Ontology]", ["0036.html"]], ["ISSUE-56 (prov-sem): Check PROV semantic constraints [Organization Ontology]", ["0037.html"]], ["ISSUE-57 (prov-invalidate): PROV use of invalidation [Organization Ontology]", ["0038.html"]], ["ISSUE-58 (prov:Organization): Relate org:Organization to prov:Organization [Organization Ontology]", ["0099.html", "0094.html", "0083.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["Issues with ReSpec editor's drafts on Chrome, with fix", ["0042.html"]], ["Last chance to join in:EDF2013 Call for Contribution ends 22.2., 02.00pm CET", ["0057.html"]], ["Minutes for W3C GLD WG telecon 24-Jan-2013", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0069.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0056.html", "0043.html", "0021.html"]], ["Need to Resign from GLD", ["0064.html", "0063.html"]], ["Open data on the Web workshop", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Open ORG issues", ["0039.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0018.html"]], ["Open RegOrg issues", ["0023.html"]], ["Preliminary Feedback on GLD ORG", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0047.html", "0045.html"]], ["Regrets cannot attend this week's meeting", ["0095.html"]], ["Request for feedback: org/prov Organization relationship", ["0082.html", "0081.html", "0078.html"]], ["Respec: how specify contributors?", ["0090.html"]], ["Reviewing open DCAT actions; action required from Bernadette, Phil, John, Sandro", ["0091.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Status of Deliverables updates", ["0033.html", "0031.html", "0027.html"]], ["Suggestion to publish QB Use Case Document as WG Note", ["0093.html", "0089.html"]], ["Using versionable artefacts in SDMX-ML", ["0070.html", "0067.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 14-Feb-2013", ["0016.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 28-Feb-2013", ["0103.html", "0088.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 21-Feb-2013 \u2014 Meeting Agenda", ["0061.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG update on F2F3 & next telecon Thursday 14-Feb, 2013", ["0006.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG update on F2F3 & next telecon Thursday 14-Feb, 2013)", ["0007.html"]], ["Welcome Hadley!", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]]], [["[bp] Re-opened ISSUE-6: How to figure out good values for non-literal properties?", ["0066.html"]], ["[dcat] issue 10 - dcat:granularity - proposal", ["0057.html", "0053.html"]], ["[dcat] issue 13 - adding properties to dcat:Distribution - proposal", ["0060.html", "0058.html"]], ["[dcat] issue 26 - range of dcterms:language - proposal", ["0064.html", "0055.html", "0051.html"]], ["[dcat] Minutes of 2013-01-31 DCAT task force call", ["0047.html"]], ["[Reminder] additional telco focusing on DCAT", ["0036.html"]], ["An additional telco focusing on DCAT?", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["AW: AW: ISSUE-30 (CubeRel): Declaring relations between cubes [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0019.html"]], ["AW: ISSUE-30 (CubeRel): Declaring relations between cubes [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0008.html"]], ["AW: ISSUE-31 (Aggregation): Supporting aggregation for other than SKOS hierarchies [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0013.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["AW: ISSUE-39 (QB-skos:Collection): Data Cube: Allow skos:Collections as value of qb:codeList [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0020.html", "0017.html", "0005.html"]], ["AW: Status update on GLD Community Directory & getting together by telecon/skype?", ["0010.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: Registered Organization Vocabulary", ["0001.html"]], ["dcat:accessURL issue", ["0063.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["GLD minutes 2013-01-10", ["0004.html"]], ["Interoperability standard for the Spanish public bodies (based on DCAT)", ["0048.html"]], ["ISSUE-39 (QB-skos:Collection): Data Cube: Allow skos:Collections as value of qb:codeList [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0021.html", "0018.html", "0009.html"]], ["ISSUE-52 (drop-dc-reference): Drop dc:reference from Dcat [DCAT]", ["0056.html", "0052.html"]], ["ISSUE-53 (mv-license-to-distribution): Move the license property from dataset to distribution [DCAT]", ["0059.html", "0054.html"]], ["ISSUE-54 (DCAT+VoID): Relationship of DCAT and VoID [DCAT]", ["0067.html"]], ["Issues with ReSpec editor's drafts on Chrome, with fix", ["0050.html", "0049.html"]], ["Minutes for W3C GLD WG telecon 17-Jan-2013", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Minutes for W3C GLD WG telecon 24-Jan-2013", ["0031.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Next W3C GLD WG telecom is Thursday 10-January-2013", ["0000.html"]], ["QB UC document update + thoughts about consolidated UC document", ["0003.html"]], ["Reviewing open DCAT actions; action required from Bernadette, Phil, John, Sandro", ["0065.html", "0062.html", "0061.html"]], ["Telco on DCAT", ["0046.html"]], ["W3C GLD mtg 31-Jan cancelled", ["0037.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG call Thur 17-Jan-2013", ["0011.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG call Thur 17-Jan-2013 - absence", ["0012.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG telecon 17-Jan-2013", ["0014.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 10-Jan-2013", ["0002.html"]]], [["AUTO: Biplav Srivastava is unavailable", ["0007.html"]], ["Canceling W3C GLD WG Thursday 13-Dec-2012", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["discussion of agenda for 20 December", ["0021.html", "0017.html", "0015.html"]], ["European Data Forum 2013 - Call for Contribution", ["0012.html"]], ["GLD co-chair", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["GLD Minutes 2012-12-06", ["0006.html"]], ["ISSUE-50: Should org:Organization be sub-class of foaf:Agent (consider birthday property as a test case)", ["0004.html"]], ["ISSUE-51: Should org:Post be a sub class of org:Organzation", ["0005.html"]], ["Referencing FOAF", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["Typographical Error in the Organization Ontology?", ["0027.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 06-Dec-2012 15.00-16.00 UTC (10:00-11:00 Boston, 7:00-8:00 San Francisco, 15:00-16:00 London, 16:00-17:00 Paris)", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 06-Dec-2012 15.00-16.00 UTC (10:00-11:00 Boston, 7:00-8:00 San Francisco, 15:00-16:00 London, 16:00-17:00 Paris))", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 20-Dec-2012", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]]], [["a complete diagram for the Org Ontology", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["ISSUE-48 (reportsToRange): Domain/range of org:reportsTo [Organization Ontology]", ["0011.html"]], ["ISSUE-49 (acyclicReporting): org:reportsTo is not acyclic [Organization Ontology]", ["0012.html"]], ["Minutes of Thur 29-Nov-2012", ["0031.html"]], ["NO W3C GLD WG meeting Thursday 15-Nov-2012", ["0014.html"]], ["Please respond to poll for planning for next GLD WG F2F April 2013 in Dublin", ["0023.html"]], ["Presentation of Tabels at WG meeting", ["0022.html"]], ["Reminder: No W3C GLD WG call Thursday 22-Nov-2012", ["0015.html"]], ["reportsTo in the Org Ontology", ["0013.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Save the Data: European Data Forum 2013 in Dublin, Ireland - 09 to 10 April 2013", ["0000.html"]], ["some questions about the ORG Ontology", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["test", ["0004.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 29-Nov-2012 15.00-16.00 UTC (10:00-11:00 Boston, 7:00-8:00 San Francisco, 15:00-16:00 London, 16:00-17:00 Paris)", ["0030.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 8-Nov-2012 15.00-16.00 UTC (10:00-11:00 Boston, 7:00-8:00 San Francisco, 15:00-16:00 London, 16:00-17:00 Paris)", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0001.html"]], ["Welcoming Makx", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["[IGNORE] test", ["0134.html"]], ["[Minutes] 11 October 2012", ["0041.html"]], ["ACTION-81 Doodle poll for Google Hangout/virtual face to face meeting", ["0042.html"]], ["ACTION-83 Get clarification from Maxx Deckers on what DC meant in what they specified", ["0150.html", "0149.html", "0147.html", "0146.html", "0145.html", "0144.html", "0143.html", "0142.html", "0141.html"]], ["ADMS high level comments", ["0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0047.html", "0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["ADMS spec document update", ["0096.html", "0090.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0082.html"]], ["ADMS spec document update)", ["0093.html"]], ["ADMS updated spec", ["0016.html"]], ["AUTO: Biplav Srivastava is on official travel.", ["0108.html"]], ["AW: Consolidating the UC&R documents", ["0013.html"]], ["Call for Exclusions: An organization ontology", ["0107.html"]], ["Closure, registries and ADMS", ["0089.html", "0088.html"]], ["Comments on ORG ED", ["0017.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0007.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Fwd: [datacatalogs] Update re DCAT and catalog spec", ["0148.html"]], ["Fwd: [publishing-statistical-data] [ANN] Tabels (from tabular formats to linked data) is online", ["0065.html"]], ["Help with deliverables", ["0019.html"]], ["Introduction of publicspending.gr!", ["0014.html"]], ["Introduction: Jindrich Mynarz", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["ISSUE-36 (Kill Radion?): Should RADion be killed off? [DCAT]", ["0029.html"]], ["ISSUE-37 (SDMX-2.1): Align Data Cube with SDMX 2.1 [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0063.html"]], ["ISSUE-38 (Registered what?): Name of the vocab formerly known as Core Business Vocabulary, currently called Legal Entity [Organization Ontology]", ["0095.html", "0094.html", "0083.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0072.html", "0071.html"]], ["ISSUE-39 (QB-skos:Collection): Data Cube: Allow skos:Collections as value of qb:codeList [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0092.html"]], ["ISSUE-40 (identifier - which vocab?): What is the correct vocab for the identifier property? [Registered Organization Vocabulary]", ["0102.html"]], ["ISSUE-41 (alt/alternative): use of skos:altLabel or dcterms:alternative [Registered Organization Vocabulary]", ["0106.html", "0103.html"]], ["ISSUE-42 (foaf-org-link): foaf:Organization relationship [Organization Ontology]", ["0114.html"]], ["ISSUE-43 (renameDaDistribution): rename dcat:Distribution to Resource", ["0116.html"]], ["ISSUE-44 (sizeOfDcatDistribution): replace properties dcat:size and dcat:bytes with one property dcat:byteSize [DCAT]", ["0117.html"]], ["ISSUE-45 (RegAddress): Align treatment of registered addresses between Org and RegOrg [Organization Ontology]", ["0131.html", "0129.html", "0125.html"]], ["ISSUE-46 (ConceptualModels): Should GLD vocabularies define conceptual models too? [Registered Organization Vocabulary]", ["0126.html"]], ["ISSUE-47 (OrgProfile): RegOrg should be defined as an Org profile [Registered Organization Vocabulary]", ["0127.html"]], ["issues related to DCAT", ["0118.html", "0012.html"]], ["Meeting minutes 2012-10-18", ["0081.html"]], ["Membership class", ["0020.html"]], ["Minutes of Thur 11-Oct-2012 meeting", ["0040.html"]], ["ORG LC", ["0123.html", "0122.html", "0120.html", "0105.html"]], ["ORG Ontology examples", ["0100.html"]], ["ORG translations", ["0053.html", "0052.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Org, Prov and RL - request for help", ["0070.html"]], ["ORG: proposed Last Call draft for review", ["0064.html", "0055.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0035.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0015.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["ORG: proposed Last Call draft for review)", ["0054.html"]], ["ORG: Proposed Last Call draft, take 2", ["0024.html"]], ["ORG: Proposed Last Call draft, take 3", ["0069.html", "0068.html", "0066.html"]], ["Overlap between DCAT and ADMS", ["0140.html", "0139.html", "0138.html", "0137.html", "0136.html", "0130.html", "0119.html", "0109.html"]], ["Person class", ["0033.html", "0027.html", "0021.html"]], ["Proposed resolution for org:identifier", ["0034.html", "0030.html", "0018.html"]], ["RegOrg update + co-editor", ["0135.html", "0133.html", "0132.html", "0128.html", "0124.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0111.html", "0110.html", "0104.html", "0101.html", "0099.html"]], ["reportsTo in the Org Ontology", ["0098.html", "0097.html"]], ["Resolving ISSUE-26 (range of dcterms:language)", ["0155.html", "0154.html", "0153.html", "0152.html", "0151.html"]], ["Revised: W3C GLD WG Thur 11-Oct-2012 15:00-16:00 UTC (10:00-11:00 Boston, 7:00-8:00 San Francisco, 15:00-16:00 London, 16:00-17:00 Paris)", ["0036.html"]], ["UK Government Linked Data Working Group - Opening the Doors", ["0115.html"]], ["Updated vCard in OWL", ["0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0048.html"]], ["Vocabulary conformance template", ["0091.html", "0073.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thu 04-Oct-2012", ["0009.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thu 18-Oct-2012", ["0067.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 11-Oct-2012 15:00-16:00 UTC (10:00-11:00 Boston, 7:00-8:00 San Francisco, 15:00-16:00 London, 16:00-17:00 Paris)", ["0028.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 25-Oct-2012 15.00-16.00 UTC (10:00-11:00 Boston, 7:00-8:00 San Francisco, 15:00-16:00 London, 16:00-17:00 Paris)", ["0121.html"]]], [["'Puzzled by Policy' workshop at the fourth international conference on eParticipation (ePart 2012)", ["0000.html"]], ["[isa-cv-person-wg] Core business and core location vocabularies piloted in Greece", ["0079.html"]], ["[SPARC-SR] NISO Publishes Themed Issue of Information Standards Quarterly on Linked Data for Libraries, Archives, and Museums - available in open access", ["0015.html"]], ["ACTION-76 Working for conformance of vocabularies", ["0073.html", "0070.html", "0068.html", "0063.html", "0061.html", "0057.html", "0052.html", "0048.html"]], ["Addressing Org ISSUE-35", ["0055.html", "0051.html", "0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["Agenda+ today's telecon", ["0024.html"]], ["Business Voc and ADMS", ["0019.html", "0017.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Consolidating the UC&R documents", ["0076.html", "0069.html"]], ["Deliverables of this WG", ["0077.html", "0074.html", "0067.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Deliverables of this WG)", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Follow up from 6-Sept-2012 W3C GLD WG call", ["0011.html"]], ["Follow-up on Google hangout idea", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Fwd: W3C GLD WG Thur 27-Sept-2012", ["0056.html"]], ["Implementation questions about the ORG Ontology", ["0023.html", "0021.html"]], ["ISSUE-35 (Posts): Should org support representation of organizational structure distinct from membership [Organization Ontology]", ["0030.html"]], ["ISSUE-36 (Kill Radion?): Should RADion be killed off? [DCAT]", ["0078.html", "0075.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0058.html", "0053.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["issues related to DCAT", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0032.html"]], ["MINUTES (was: W3C GLD WG Thur 13-Sept-2012)", ["0020.html"]], ["Minutes of today GLD call (2012/09/20)", ["0025.html"]], ["Shall People die?", ["0066.html", "0042.html"]], ["Shall People die?]", ["0059.html", "0054.html", "0047.html", "0044.html"]], ["W3 GLD WG Thur 19-Sept-2012", ["0022.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 13-Sept-2012", ["0018.html", "0016.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 27-Sept-2012", ["0037.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 6-Sept-2012", ["0004.html"]]], [["ACTION-73 Summarise discussion and make a proposal for agreement or not", ["0004.html"]], ["ADMS RDF", ["0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["AW: W3C GLD WG Thur 30-Aug-2012 Agenda", ["0020.html"]], ["Editor's Draft of ADMS spec", ["0000.html"]], ["Follow-up on Google hangout idea", ["0021.html"]], ["GeoSpatial vocabularies", ["0016.html", "0006.html"]], ["Linked Data Glossary request - where to publish for quality & longevity?", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["Minutes from today's GLD call - 2012-08-16", ["0010.html"]], ["No W3C GLD WG meeting 9-Aug-2012", ["0007.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 23-Aug-2012", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 30-Aug-2012 Agenda", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thu 16-Aug-2012", ["0008.html"]]], [["*NO* W3C GLD-WG telecon this Thu 19-Jul-2012", ["0009.html"]], ["*No* W3C GLD-WG Thu 02-Aug-2012", ["0012.html"]], ["[Job postings] DERI, NUI Galway - eGovernment group - Research Assistant, PhD and Master positions", ["0000.html"]], ["[Resend] Call for Exclusions (Update): RDF Data Cube Vocabulary; DCAT; Organization ontology; Terms for describing people", ["0002.html"]], ["Benchmark Opendata FR vs UK vs US", ["0005.html"]], ["Canceling Thursday 5-July-2012 W3C GLD WG meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["CrossRef's Fundref Pilot", ["0008.html"]], ["minutes from today's GLD call", ["0011.html"]], ["MSc thesis: Statistical Linked Dataspaces", ["0007.html"]], ["TPAC 2012", ["0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thu 26-July-2012", ["0010.html"]]], [["ADMS RDF", ["0014.html"]], ["FIRST CALL FOR PAPERS Special Track on Metadata and Semantics for Agriculture, Food & Environment", ["0013.html"]], ["HealthData.gov Developer Challenges", ["0000.html"]], ["My Air, My Health Challenge announced at Health Datapalooza today", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["My ESWC paper - Publishing LGD", ["0006.html"]], ["Nigel at SemTechBiz UK 19-20 Sept", ["0010.html"]], ["OCLC adds Linked Data to WorldCat.org", ["0011.html"]], ["Progress Report on Government Linked Data Worldwide presented at SemTech West 2012", ["0001.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 20-June-2012", ["0007.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 21-June-2012", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thu 28-Jun-2012", ["0015.html", "0012.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 14-June-2012", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]]], [["Current Developments in relation to GLD", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Feedback on Ingredients for High Quality Linked Data section of Linked Data Cookbook]", ["0009.html"]], ["GLD Working Group Teleconference Minutes of 03 May 2012", ["0006.html"]], ["Implementation questions about the ORG Ontology", ["0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["ISA programme vocabularies", ["0008.html"]], ["ISA programme vocabulary namespace documents", ["0028.html"]], ["Linked Data for Countries (TWC RPI Instance Hub)", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["New Provenance Drafts -- ready for review -- getting close to LC", ["0011.html"]], ["Please recommend interesting 4-5 star Linked Data Sets", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["qb:DimensionProperty subClassOf qb:CodedProperty ?", ["0003.html"]], ["relationship between DCAT and VOID", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Reminder: NO GLD-WG telecon tomorrow", ["0007.html"]], ["Request for Geonames tagged txt corpus", ["0037.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 31-May-2012", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 03-May-2012", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 17-May-2012", ["0010.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 24-May-2012", ["0032.html"]], ["World Bank Linked Data for countries, regions, and currencies", ["0036.html"]]], [["Announcement of LOD2 webinars: Linked Data and SKOS, D2R and Sparqlify", ["0015.html"]], ["changes to docs, for publication, please double check", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Geography and Spatial Information", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["GLD WG minutes Thur 26-04-2012", ["0034.html"]], ["Minutes (was:W3C GLD-WG Thu 05-Apr-2012)", ["0014.html"]], ["publication date", ["0005.html"]], ["Take #2 - W3C GLD-WG Thur 12-Apr-2012", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["ucr docs?", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thu 05-Apr-2012", ["0004.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thu 19-Apr-2012", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 12-Apr-2012", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0016.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 26-Apr-2012", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 26-Apr-2012)", ["0033.html"]]], [["[GLD] BP doc-->>Glossary part", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Additional usages for Semanticweb.org", ["0042.html"]], ["ADMS call tomorrow, RADion proposal (potentially affects DCAT)", ["0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["Announcement of Intermediate LOD2 Stack Release, March 2012", ["0038.html"]], ["Data Cube edits", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Data Cube issues", ["0083.html", "0078.html", "0073.html", "0072.html"]], ["Data Cube Vocabulary - Use Cases", ["0097.html", "0094.html"]], ["DCAT - issues related to dcat:Distribution", ["0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0080.html"]], ["GLD Minutes.", ["0101.html"]], ["HG merge", ["0056.html", "0055.html"]], ["Invitation to revisit eGov-generated DCAT issues", ["0092.html", "0091.html"]], ["ISO 639 Cookbook was ... LD? algorithm and questions.", ["0098.html"]], ["ISO/IEC 19773", ["0062.html"]], ["ISSUE-26 (dct:language range): Range of dcterms:language is a resource, not literal [DCAT]", ["0002.html"]], ["ISSUE-33: Collections of observations and well-formedness of slices", ["0071.html"]], ["Meeting times 1hr earlier in europre, next two weeks.", ["0019.html"]], ["Observations and Measurement - draft", ["0076.html", "0074.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0039.html", "0035.html", "0030.html", "0003.html"]], ["One more time: watch the time of the GLD meeting on Thurs 13", ["0053.html"]], ["Please consider some additional ISA Programme vocabularies", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["qb:DimensionProperty subClassOf qb:CodedProperty ?", ["0082.html", "0079.html"]], ["Question about FPWDs", ["0010.html"]], ["RADion - in name(space) only", ["0096.html", "0068.html", "0066.html", "0065.html"]], ["Save the Date: the European Data Forum 2012 takes place 6-7 June 2012 in Copenhagen!", ["0070.html"]], ["suggested shortnames", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html"]], ["Transition Request: DCAT Vocabulary as FPWD", ["0058.html"]], ["Transition Request: RDF Data Cube Vocabulary as FPWD", ["0059.html"]], ["Transition Request: RDF Organization Ontology as FPWD", ["0060.html"]], ["Transition Request: RDF People Vocabulary as FPWD", ["0067.html", "0061.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG cancelled for Thur 1-Mar-2012", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 29-Mar-2012", ["0100.html", "0099.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 8-Mar-2012", ["0063.html", "0054.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thu 15-Mar-2012", ["0090.html", "0089.html", "0069.html", "0064.html", "0057.html", "0052.html", "0051.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thu 22-Mar-2012", ["0095.html", "0088.html", "0084.html", "0081.html", "0077.html", "0075.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thu 22-March-2012 minutes", ["0093.html"]]], [["2.2.5 Best Practices: Stability", ["0098.html", "0085.html", "0080.html"]], ["a \"long period\" for Stability", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["AUTO: Biplav Srivastava is unavailable", ["0108.html"]], ["Best Practices doc section 1.3 Vocabulary Selection", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Best Practices doc section 1.3 Vocabulary Selection]", ["0091.html"]], ["Best Practices ED", ["0016.html"]], ["Comment response policy?", ["0114.html", "0113.html", "0103.html"]], ["Data Cube ED", ["0039.html", "0033.html"]], ["Data Cube issues", ["0111.html"]], ["Data Cube Vocabulary - Use Cases", ["0029.html", "0017.html"]], ["DCAT use cases and requirements", ["0031.html"]], ["Dutch City Launches Data Platform", ["0090.html", "0088.html"]], ["Editor's Draft for \"Use Cases and Requirements for the Data Cube Vocabulary\"", ["0118.html"]], ["Fwd: ISSUE-12 (valuesForDataFormat): What values to use to describe formats of dcat:Distribution? [DCAT]", ["0073.html"]], ["FYI: European Data Forum 2012", ["0014.html"]], ["GLD WG minutes 09-02-2012", ["0046.html"]], ["GLD WG minutes Thur 23-feb-2012", ["0121.html"]], ["ISSUE-10 (granularity): Refine dcat:granularity to dcat:spatialGranularity and dcat:temporalGranularity [DCAT]", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["ISSUE-12 (valuesForDataFormat): What values to use to describe formats of dcat:Distribution? [DCAT]", ["0093.html", "0089.html", "0087.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0052.html", "0043.html"]], ["ISSUE-12 (valuesForDataFormat): What values to use to describe formats of dcat:Distribution? [DCAT]]", ["0092.html"]], ["ISSUE-15: GLD life cycle [Best Practices for Publishing Linked Data]", ["0015.html"]], ["ISSUE-17: Who are the contenders and how do they play together? [People]", ["0008.html"]], ["ISSUE-18: What are the target entities we want relate people to? [People]", ["0013.html", "0009.html"]], ["ISSUE-19: How to relate a person to an organisation [People]", ["0011.html"]], ["ISSUE-20: How to relate a person to a project [People]", ["0010.html"]], ["ISSUE-21: I18", ["0012.html"]], ["ISSUE-23: How to relate a person to a building/room? [People]]", ["0007.html"]], ["ISSUE-26 (dct:language range): Range of dcterms:language is a resource, not literal [DCAT]", ["0030.html", "0026.html"]], ["ISSUE-27 (format): URIs for file formats [DCAT]", ["0063.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0027.html"]], ["ISSUE-28: Is a vocabulary 5-star? [Best Practices]", ["0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0072.html"]], ["ISSUE-29 (Well-formedness): Criteria for well-formedness [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0104.html"]], ["ISSUE-30 (CubeRel): Declaring relations between cubes [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0105.html"]], ["ISSUE-31 (Aggregation): Supporting aggregation for other than SKOS hierarchies [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0115.html", "0112.html", "0106.html"]], ["ISSUE-32 (OandM): Relationship to ISO19156 - Observations & Measurements? [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0107.html"]], ["ISSUE-33 (Slices): Collections of observations and well-formedness of slices [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0109.html"]], ["ISSUE-34 (Subslices): Clarify or drop qb:subslice ? [Data Cube Vocabulary]", ["0116.html", "0110.html"]], ["ISSUE-7 (whyAccessUrl): Drop dcat:accessUrl, use the URI of the dcat:Download resource instead [DCAT]", ["0117.html", "0086.html", "0064.html", "0062.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0053.html", "0032.html"]], ["ISSUE-9 (whyDistributionSubclasses): dcat:Distribution and its subclasses are unnecessary [DCAT]", ["0120.html"]], ["Legacy data", ["0058.html", "0045.html", "0044.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Legislative Data and Transparency Conference and regrets GLD-WG 02-Feb-2012", ["0000.html"]], ["Notes on academic/non-commercial software for procurement section", ["0081.html", "0079.html"]], ["Org Ontology", ["0125.html", "0124.html", "0123.html", "0122.html"]], ["ORG Ontology ED", ["0102.html"]], ["Press Release: Launch of the 'Puzzled by Policy' eParticipation Platform", ["0024.html"]], ["Question about FPWDs", ["0126.html"]], ["Respec version of DCAT", ["0028.html", "0025.html"]], ["Submitting to the Semantic Information Modeling for Federation (SIMF) RFP", ["0078.html"]], ["Updates to URI Construction BP wiki", ["0084.html", "0083.html", "0082.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Minutes (16 Feb 2012)", ["0101.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thu 16-Feb-2012", ["0100.html", "0099.html", "0094.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thu 22-Feb-2012", ["0119.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 9-Feb-2012", ["0023.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 02-Feb-2012 Agenda", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0002.html"]]], [["\"Plan for Code - open.NASA\"", ["0014.html"]], ["\"Pragmatic Provenance\" Subsection added to Best Practices wiki", ["0053.html"]], ["ADMS (like DCAT) comment period open", ["0024.html"]], ["AUTO: Biplav Srivastava's availability is limited", ["0015.html"]], ["Components of street addresses", ["0049.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["crossing the Atlantic", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["DRAFT chapters from Josh Tauberer's new (online) book on Open Government Data", ["0105.html"]], ["F2F2 Agenda", ["0009.html"]], ["F2F2@DERI", ["0060.html"]], ["First ED of 'Terms for describing people' deliverable", ["0086.html", "0082.html"]], ["Fwd: Person vocabulary ideas/suggestions", ["0093.html"]], ["Galloping around Galway", ["0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html"]], ["gld - best practices ed - motivation section", ["0051.html", "0048.html"]], ["GLD WG minutes 19-01-2012", ["0052.html"]], ["ISSUE-10 (granularity): Refine dcat:granularity to dcat:spatialGranularity and dcat:temporalGranularity [DCAT]", ["0067.html"]], ["ISSUE-11 (catalogrecord-and-namedgraphs): Is dcat:CatalogRecord related to Named Graphs? [DCAT]", ["0068.html"]], ["ISSUE-12 (valuesForDataFormat): What values to use to describe formats of dcat:Distribution? [DCAT]", ["0069.html"]], ["ISSUE-13 (abstract_dataset): attach specific properties to dcat:Distribution and not to dcat:Dataset [DCAT]", ["0070.html"]], ["ISSUE-14 (permanent identifier): add dcat:permanentIdentifier property [DCAT]", ["0071.html"]], ["ISSUE-15: GLD life cycle [Best Practices for Publishing Linked Data]", ["0073.html"]], ["ISSUE-16: Re-usable sections or other GLD documents [Best Practices for Publishing Linked Data]", ["0075.html", "0074.html"]], ["ISSUE-17: Who are the contenders and how do they play together? [People]", ["0077.html"]], ["ISSUE-18: What are the target entities we want relate people to? [People]", ["0078.html"]], ["ISSUE-19: How to relate a person to an organisation [People]", ["0079.html"]], ["ISSUE-20: How to relate a person to a project [People]", ["0080.html"]], ["ISSUE-21: I18", ["0081.html"]], ["ISSUE-22: Which vCard version? [People]", ["0100.html", "0083.html"]], ["ISSUE-23: How to relate a person to a building/room? [People]", ["0107.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html", "0088.html", "0084.html"]], ["ISSUE-24: How to relate a person to a contact information? [People]", ["0085.html"]], ["ISSUE-25: Test cases for people related stuff [People]", ["0087.html"]], ["ISSUE-3 (DTF): Date and Time Format", ["0099.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0095.html", "0094.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0037.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["ISSUE-4 (Alien Ranges): Should we define ranges for other people's vocabularies?", ["0039.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0016.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["ISSUE-5 (Frequency): Implications of the domain of dcterms:accrualPeriodicity", ["0038.html", "0017.html"]], ["ISSUE-6 (nonLiterals): How should dcat publishers figure out good URIs for properties with non-literal ranges? [DCAT]", ["0063.html"]], ["ISSUE-7 (whyAccessUrl): Drop dcat:accessUrl, use the URI of the dcat:Download resource instead [DCAT]", ["0064.html"]], ["ISSUE-8 ((in)direct data access): add a property to distinguish direct and indirect access of dcat:Distribution", ["0065.html"]], ["ISSUE-9 (whyDistributionSubclasses): dcat:Distribution and its subclasses are unnecessary [DCAT]", ["0066.html"]], ["Notes on harvesting+aggregation with dcat", ["0047.html"]], ["PROV-WG Requests Feedback on PROV Family of Specs", ["0035.html"]], ["Question about putting some stuff into procurement section", ["0036.html", "0033.html"]], ["Regrets and new additions to Best Practices page", ["0032.html"]], ["schedule for F2F2", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["scribe tricks", ["0034.html"]], ["some CD issues/wishlist items", ["0106.html", "0062.html"]], ["Stability and suggested GLD best practices structure", ["0059.html"]], ["Thanks for your participation at the GLD WG F2", ["0076.html"]], ["Thanks, minutes and tomorrow's agenda", ["0061.html"]], ["TWC RPI's URI Design Principles added to URI Construction Best Practices", ["0025.html"]], ["Updated DCAT WD", ["0023.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 12-Jan-2012", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 19-Jan-2012 Agenda", ["0050.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 5-Jan-2012", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Thur 02-Feb-2012 Agenda", ["0109.html", "0108.html"]], ["Wiki pages for the actions related to the Vocab selection", ["0072.html"]]], [["apologies for today", ["0024.html", "0020.html"]], ["dct:language range WAS: ISSUE-2 (olyerickson): dct:language should be added to DCAT [Best Practices for Publishing Linked Data]", ["0040.html", "0032.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html"]], ["GLD F2F in Washington - Links to Local Hotels - Other Logistics", ["0035.html"]], ["GLD WG minutes 08-Dec-2011", ["0017.html"]], ["Interesting and/or useful linked data - what do you know of?", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["ISSUE-2 (olyerickson): dct:language should be added to DCAT [Best Practices for Publishing Linked Data]", ["0021.html", "0019.html", "0016.html", "0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["Missing DCAT property", ["0022.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0009.html"]], ["New Open Government Platform code released", ["0030.html"]], ["new PROV drafts", ["0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html"]], ["Next GLD WG call will be Thur 5-Jan-2012", ["0042.html"]], ["RDF explained with a bit of fun!", ["0033.html"]], ["Semantic Information Modeling for Federation (SIMF) RFP Issued by OMG", ["0041.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 08-Dec-2011", ["0014.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 15-Dec-2011", ["0034.html", "0031.html"]], ["W3C GLD-WG Call today?", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["(fyi) temporary IEs extended", ["0014.html"]], ["[Agenda] GLD WG Vocabularies Conf Call Today **CONF1**", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html"]], ["ACTION-17 - closed", ["0044.html", "0043.html"]], ["Apps for the Environment Forum in Washington DC on Nov 8th, 2011", ["0004.html"]], ["Dataset catalog vocabulary: Why no dct:language in DCAT?", ["0039.html", "0034.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0024.html", "0017.html"]], ["dcat:Distribution and subclasses", ["0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["GLD WG telecon this Thursday 3-Nov-2011", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["How to express something is-located-at an org:Site", ["0013.html"]], ["Interesting and/or useful linked data - what do you know of?", ["0022.html"]], ["ISSUE-2 (olyerickson): dct:language should be added to DCAT [Best Practices for Publishing Linked Data]", ["0037.html"]], ["LOD2 webinar series: the LOD2 Stack on 29.11. 2011, 04.00pm CET", ["0015.html"]], ["NASA seminar/meeting", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Persistence", ["0046.html", "0045.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0028.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Timezone failure ( meeting 3 Nov 2011 )", ["0009.html"]], ["Vocabularies Conference Call, Monday 28th", ["0040.html"]], ["Vocabularies, DCAT, ADMS call result", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 10-Nov-2011 - double check times!", ["0016.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 17-Nov-2011", ["0018.html"]]], [["*No* GLD telecon this week", ["0009.html"]], ["Free webinar: Linked Data Management on 09 November 2011", ["0012.html"]], ["Fwd: Please enter your details in the W3C Community Directory", ["0007.html"]], ["GLD WG minutes 27-Oct-2011", ["0015.html"]], ["GLD WG Thu 13-Oct-2011", ["0004.html"]], ["GLD WG Thu 6-Oct-2011", ["0000.html"]], ["GLD WG Thur 27-Oct-2011", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Government Linked Data Working Group Minutes - 13 October 2011", ["0006.html"]], ["LOD Cookbook delayed 2 days ...", ["0001.html"]], ["My presentations for Open Gov't Data Camp this week", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Please enter your details in the W3C Community Directory", ["0005.html"]], ["Programme details: Government Linked Data workshop in Warsaw on 20.10.2011", ["0008.html"]], ["Regrets for Thursday", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Zhishi.me", ["0016.html"]]], [["Announcement: CLEAN - Linked Open Data (LOD) Webinar", ["0010.html"]], ["Call for lightening talks & participation in the Government Linked Data Workshop in Warsaw - Oct 20th, 2011", ["0044.html"]], ["Catralog vocab question: Indicating whether \"government\" dataset has \"official\" status", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["Deliverable - 2.2.5 Stability", ["0029.html"]], ["Discussion with Paul Groth", ["0038.html"]], ["Geospatial linked data links", ["0030.html"]], ["GLD Community_Directory_Questionnaire - US GWACS and other equivalents", ["0026.html"]], ["Government Linked Data Working Group Minutes of 01 September 2011", ["0001.html"]], ["Government Linked Data Working Group Minutes of September, 15 2011", ["0033.html", "0031.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Local Standarization Groups", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Meetings annotated in GLD wiki", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes of 2011-09-22 meeting", ["0037.html"]], ["Multi-lingual labels for org ontology", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0003.html"]], ["NISO September Webinar: Return on Investment (ROI) in Linking the Semantic Web", ["0034.html"]], ["Potential Speaking Engagement for GLD Chairs - Nov. 3rd CENDI Meeting", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Proposed Enhancements to SKOS for Statistical Classifications", ["0046.html"]], ["Provenance and GLD (Action 5)", ["0032.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 08-Sept-2011", ["0011.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 22-Sept-2011", ["0035.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 29-Sept-2011", ["0045.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thursday 15-Sept-2011", ["0025.html"]], ["W3C Scribe's \"Short Sheet\" of commands", ["0036.html"]], ["Where should \"Provenance\" go?", ["0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html"]]], [["Cube Vocab Discussion Doodle Poll", ["0009.html"]], ["Data Cube Vocab - List of datasets", ["0015.html"]], ["Data Cube Vocab discussion - 8/22 1pm EDT", ["0014.html"]], ["GLD Teleconference 2011-08-04 - Minutes", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Government Linked Data Working Group Minutes of 21 July 2011 (preliminary)", ["0000.html"]], ["IEEE IS Special Issue on Linked Open Government Data", ["0010.html"]], ["irc log of Aug 18 meeting?", ["0020.html", "0018.html"]], ["No W3C GLD WG meeting this week. Next oene is 18-Aug-2011", ["0008.html"]], ["Please vote for dates of next W3C Gov't Linked Data F2F (Jan 2012, Galway, Ireland)", ["0012.html"]], ["Status update on Community Directory w/ pre-release of app", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Telecon today?", ["0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Meeting: Thu 04-Aug-2011", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 01-Sept-2011", ["0019.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 18-Aug-2011", ["0013.html", "0011.html"]]], [["Following the July 12th International Open Gov't Partnership talks (Washington DC)", ["0006.html"]], ["Fwd: Status update on GLD Community Directory & getting together by telecon/skype?", ["0022.html"]], ["GLD Regrets Page", ["0004.html"]], ["GLD-WG Telecon tomorrow", ["0015.html", "0013.html", "0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["Gov Linked Data WG - UPDATE", ["0000.html"]], ["Government Linked Data Working Group Minutes of 21 July 2011 (preliminary)", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["ISSUE-1 (cookbook-loc): Where should the BP cookbook go? [Best Practices for Publishing Linked Data]", ["0014.html"]], ["Minutes of today's meeting - please review", ["0005.html"]], ["No GLD WG mtg Thu 7/14", ["0007.html"]], ["Page on Statistical Cube Data on the wiki", ["0009.html"]], ["REMINDER: W3C GLD WG telecon today Thur 7 July 14:00-15:30 UTC (10:00 US ET)", ["0003.html"]], ["Status update on GLD Community Directory & getting together by telecon/skype?", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Suggestion regarding the standard vocabularies task force - Metadata just for describing public-gov vocabularies", ["0026.html", "0023.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["W3C GLD WG Thur 28-July-2011 A", ["0018.html"]], ["W3C Government Linked Data WG telecon Thursday, 7 July 2011 14:00-15:30 UTC", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Attending W3C GLD Meeting, 29-30 June", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["F2F1", ["0002.html"]], ["F2F1 tomorrow - Remote Participation", ["0005.html"]], ["Government Linked Data (GLD) Working Group", ["0001.html"]], ["test of new list", ["0000.html"]]]]