[[["SVG A11y Task Force", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["\u00f6deme hakk\u0131nda", ["0006.html"]]], [["SVG-A11y Task Force: Plans for 2017", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Agenda: December 13, 2016 (correction) SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting (resending)", ["0002.html"]], ["Agenda: December 14, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["chairs SVG a11y task force - NO MEETING TODAY", ["0000.html"]], ["December 13, 2016 SVG A11y Task Force", ["0003.html"]]], [["Agenda: November 1, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0001.html"]], ["Expectations regarding aria-hidden=\"true\" + a valid aria-label value?", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Minutes: November 1, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0004.html"]], ["No Telcon Tomorrow", ["0005.html"]], ["Regrets for Telcon", ["0009.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2031: Update the draft.", ["0002.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2032: Reach out to steve faulkner to get test cases copied over to the svg a11y test harness", ["0003.html"]], ["Testing", ["0000.html"]]], [["Agenda SVG a11y meeting Sept 25, 2016", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0006.html"]], ["aria-details and aria-errormessage support are now in the FF nightly builds", ["0016.html"]], ["Fwd: aria-details and aria-errormessage support are now in the FF nightly builds", ["0017.html"]], ["list of TODOs for SVG testable statements", ["0013.html"]], ["meeting tomorrow - agenda", ["0012.html"]], ["No SVG a11y meeting tomorrow", ["0011.html"]], ["No SVG Accessibility Meeting this week", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["SVG testable statements", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Testing TODOs", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]]], [["Agenda Sept 6, 2016", ["0000.html"]], ["Agenda September 13, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0008.html", "0004.html"]], ["figure role backgrounds", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Fwd: New SVG WG Charter", ["0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Minutes, Sept 6, 2016 SVG Accessibility Telcon", ["0001.html"]], ["No SVG A11Y Task Force meeting this week", ["0023.html"]], ["SVG layout tests", ["0002.html"]], ["SVG2 has moved to CR", ["0014.html"]]], [["Agenda Aug 16, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Agenda August 2, SVG-A11Y TF meeting", ["0000.html"]], ["Agenda August 9, SVG-A11Y TF meeting", ["0007.html"]], ["Decision: Public the FPWD of the Graphics AAM:", ["0006.html"]], ["Decision: Publish ARIA Graphics Module Heartbeat Draft", ["0005.html"]], ["Decision: Publish SVG-AAM Heartbeat Draft", ["0004.html"]], ["maki icons", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF 16th August", ["0017.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF meeting", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF meeting 8/9", ["0008.html"]], ["New SVG A11y tests for use/shadow DOM", ["0018.html"]], ["regrets for next week", ["0009.html"]], ["SVG accessibility task force Agenda August 23, 2016 meeting", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["SVG accessibility task force Agenda August 30, 2016 meeting", ["0021.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2028: Review role=\"presentation\", role=\"non\", and non-a11y tree tests due 2016-08-23", ["0014.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2029: Review tests for acc name due 2016-08-30", ["0015.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2030: Review acc description and role tests due 2016-08-23", ["0016.html"]]], [["agenda 26 July 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting --- This is now a Tuesday meeting ---", ["0026.html"]], ["agenda July 13, 2016 SVG accessibility task force meeting", ["0011.html"]], ["Agenda July 6, 2016 SVG accessibility task force meeting", ["0006.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda: July 14, 2016 WAI-ARIA Working Group", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0012.html"]], ["Changes to SVG-AAM to support accessible use-element shadow trees", ["0024.html"]], ["Checking SVG in EPUBs for accessibility", ["0021.html"]], ["minutes July 26, 2016", ["0030.html"]], ["Minutes, 6 July 2016 Telcon", ["0008.html"]], ["Regrets: agenda 26 July 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting --- This is now a Tuesday meeting ---", ["0027.html"]], ["Regrets: agenda July 13, 2016 SVG accessibility task force meeting", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Request for Resolution: Publication of new SVG Accessibility draft specs (was: Agenda requests, 30th June 2016 telcon)", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["shadow tree vs. shadow DOM", ["0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility Task Force 19, July 2016 --- Note this is now a Tuesday meeting --", ["0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility TF minutes July 13, 2016", ["0018.html"]], ["What is the best way to hide decorative SVG using ARIA?", ["0010.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["Agenda June 15 2016 meeting", ["0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["Agenda June 29, 2016 SVG accessibility task force meeting", ["0017.html"]], ["Agenda SVG accessibility task force meeting June 22, 2016", ["0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["Git issue 137", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html"]], ["June 15th 2016 meeting canceled - regrets Rich, Leone, Amelia", ["0011.html"]], ["Minutes, 1 June 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force teleconference", ["0000.html"]], ["Minutes, SVG Accessibility Task Force 29 June 2016", ["0022.html", "0020.html"]], ["nested links in SVG", ["0016.html"]], ["New SVG 2 Changes", ["0015.html", "0013.html"]], ["No meeting Wednesday June 8, 2016", ["0002.html"]], ["Please try to attend we have a couple of interesting issues today - nested links and Amelia's changes", ["0018.html"]], ["Request for Resolution: Publication of new SVG Accessibility draft specs (was: Agenda requests, 30th June 2016 telcon)", ["0023.html", "0021.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2027: Add testable statement for blank lang", ["0019.html"]], ["trimming whitespace in name and description calculation", ["0010.html", "0008.html", "0005.html"]]], [["Action 2044", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Action-2044: Conflict resolution with none/presentational roles", ["0018.html"]], ["agenda June 1 SVG accessibility Meeting", ["0043.html"]], ["Agenda May 11, 2016 SVG accessibility task force", ["0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["Agenda May 4, 2016", ["0005.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda: May 26, 2016 SVG accessibility task force meeting", ["0035.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["editorial comments on authoring guidance", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]], ["Edits to SVG-AAM", ["0017.html"]], ["Fwd: TPAC 2016 Registration Now Open", ["0016.html"]], ["Introduction for Graphics AAM", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Minutes, SVG Accessibility Task Force 11 May 2016", ["0015.html"]], ["Minutes, SVG Accessibility Task Force 25 May 2016", ["0039.html"]], ["Minutes, SVG Accessibility Task Force 4 May 2016", ["0009.html"]], ["Proposed editorial changes to the ARIA Graphics module", ["0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Reminder no meeting this week", ["0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["SVG AAM Data and rendering - Amelia's changes review part 2", ["0028.html", "0025.html", "0022.html"]], ["svg aam feedback - Amelias changes - part 3", ["0026.html", "0023.html"]], ["SVG AAM feedback part 1", ["0024.html", "0021.html"]], ["SVG Authoring Guide", ["0029.html", "0027.html", "0014.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2024: Update svg-aam re fill/stroke none & exclusion rules", ["0036.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2025: Add introduction aam", ["0037.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2026: Coordinate release of 3 docs with aria 1.1 - talk with mc", ["0038.html"]], ["Thank you note", ["0044.html"]]], [["[SVG] graphics-doc role should be graphics-document (ARIA has avoided inconsistent abbreviation)", ["0047.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Action 2044", ["0030.html", "0027.html"]], ["agenda April 20, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0022.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Agenda April 27, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Agenda April 27, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting (updated)", ["0029.html"]], ["Agenda April 6 SVG accessibility task force meeting", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["April 13 SVG accessibility meeting - will you be available?", ["0011.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["document status section", ["0021.html"]], ["graphics module intro changed", ["0034.html"]], ["Is SVG in HTML <img> still being treated as embedded document by WebKit/VoiceOver?", ["0044.html"]], ["Minutes, 06 April 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0013.html"]], ["Minutes: April 27, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0033.html"]], ["name and description calculation - is there a mismatch between the document and what Apple implements?", ["0016.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["No quorum on April 20, next meeting is April 27, 2016", ["0023.html"]], ["No SVG Accessibility Task Force meeting on April 13, 2016 next meeting April 20", ["0015.html"]], ["Regrets for tomorrow", ["0017.html"]], ["SVG accessibility new issues", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["SVG mapped to graphic in HTML5.1 - bug", ["0024.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2019: Coordinate with html-aam editors regarding correct mapping for <svg> element, in a way consistent with the new graphics role mappings", ["0004.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2020: Follow up with wcag", ["0005.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2021: Work role=none/presentation into svg spec", ["0006.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2022: Update the svg aam and svg2 to use the new graphics roles", ["0031.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2023: Make changes to the introduction regarding this release of the graphics module and future releases", ["0032.html"]]], [["Adding to Agenda for 3/30 Coordinating <svg> role mappings between SVG-AAM and HTML-AAM", ["0054.html"]], ["agenda SVG accessibility task force Wednesday March 2, 2016", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["Agenda SVG accessibility TF meeting March 30, 2016", ["0055.html", "0052.html"]], ["agenda SVG accessiblity task force 16 March, 2016 - Boston Time shifted 1 hour", ["0040.html"]], ["agenda SVG accessiblity task force 9 March, 2016", ["0031.html"]], ["Belated regrets", ["0007.html"]], ["Big Accessibility Drop for SVG into Webkit", ["0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["Change to common definition of \"hidden\" in ARIA specs", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Coordinating <svg> role mappings between SVG-AAM and HTML-AAM", ["0053.html"]], ["Expectations for presentational element with title child?", ["0064.html", "0062.html"]], ["Fwd: aria-ISSUE-1021: Label Relationship is inconsistent on Mac and Linux - Should we expose? [ARIA 1.1 Name Computation]", ["0047.html"]], ["JSON file for svg a11y testing", ["0001.html"]], ["Minutes SVG accessiblity task force 16 March, 2016", ["0045.html"]], ["Minutes, 30 March 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0065.html"]], ["Minutes: March 2, 2016 SVG A11y Task Force", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes: March 9 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0034.html"]], ["Next AAPI mapping call", ["0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["No meeting this week - CSUN", ["0048.html"]], ["regrets", ["0032.html"]], ["Replaced aria-describedat with aria-details", ["0069.html"]], ["role text", ["0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["SVG & Slider Questions", ["0019.html", "0017.html"]], ["SVG accessibility new issues", ["0066.html"]], ["svg accessibility tests", ["0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2016: Find out where the authoring pieces are", ["0006.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2017: Talk with michael cooper to determine where to place the svg accessibility authoring practices", ["0033.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2018: Make the scrapbook for authoring practices look like a w3c editors' draft.", ["0063.html", "0061.html", "0056.html", "0044.html"]], ["table of results", ["0038.html"]], ["Talking to WAI IG", ["0037.html"]], ["Test Assertions with Tables", ["0039.html"]], ["Test Assertions with Tables)", ["0046.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["testable statements, webkit testing", ["0049.html"]], ["WebKit Golden-hammer-ectomy completed; nightly Safari downloads", ["0068.html", "0067.html"]]], [["Action-1727", ["0054.html", "0046.html"]], ["ACTION-2006: graphics-aam completed", ["0021.html"]], ["ACTION-2014: White space or empty alternative text", ["0028.html"]], ["Agenda February 23, SVG A11Y Meeting - meeting time to be reviewed again", ["0055.html", "0041.html"]], ["agenda SVG accessibility task force Wednesday March 2, 2016", ["0073.html"]], ["aria-linktype (Was: DPUB and SVG Graphics mappings for Webkit)", ["0072.html", "0071.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html"]], ["DPUB and SVG Graphics mappings for Webkit", ["0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0047.html", "0045.html", "0042.html", "0039.html"]], ["empty aria-describedby", ["0019.html"]], ["empty title does not show tooltip", ["0048.html"]], ["Fwd: [svgwg] Correct mesh to default to none unless has alternatives referenced and then becomes an image.", ["0051.html"]], ["graphics-aam file location in rawgit", ["0022.html"]], ["JAWS and SVG ARIA markup", ["0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["Language sensitive tests", ["0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Mesh update and reference to the graphics module in SVG", ["0049.html", "0043.html", "0033.html"]], ["Minutes, 16 February 2016, SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0027.html"]], ["Minutes, 9 February 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Teleconference", ["0013.html"]], ["Minutes: February 23, 2016 SVG Accessibility Task Force Call", ["0058.html"]], ["new member Mark S", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0026.html"]], ["new member Mark S)", ["0050.html", "0044.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Odd things in SVG 2", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Recursive use aria-labelledby/describedby in text alternative computation", ["0001.html"]], ["REMINDER new day/time for SVG A11Y TF meeting starts next week - Wednesdays 2pm Boston time", ["0061.html"]], ["Reminder: No SVG accessibility task force meeting on Feb 2, 2016", ["0000.html"]], ["SVG A11Y Meeting day/time change", ["0057.html"]], ["SVG accessibility task force Agenda Tuesday 1 pm Eastern February 16, 2016", ["0020.html"]], ["SVG accessibility task force Agenda Tuesday 1 pm Eastern February 9, 2016", ["0006.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2009: Create testable statements with multiple title/desc elements", ["0008.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2010: Update svg-aam and svg 2 to include the new roles from the aria graphics module", ["0011.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2011: Review svg 2 section on multi-lingual title/desc & identify any under-specified conditions or edge cases", ["0012.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2012: Change mesh in aam to map to image", ["0023.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2013: Update allowed roles in svg-aam & svg 2 to include new graphics module roles", ["0024.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2014: Discuss empty name/description attributes & elements with relevant spec editors", ["0025.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2015: Modify the svg2 spec. to require authors when useing <title> or <desc> to not leave them empty or with only white space. an author must", ["0056.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ISSUE-1008: Recursive use aria-labelledby/describedby in text alternative computation [SVG Accessibility API Mappings]", ["0005.html"]], ["svg-aam updates", ["0029.html"]], ["syntax diagrams in CSS Media Queries Level 4", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["[aria] SVG-AAM: Consider explicit language regarding objects with presentational role and aria-label (#136)", ["0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Agenda (updated) January 15, 2016 SVG accessibility Task Force meeting", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Agenda January 15, 2016 SVG accessibility Task Force meeting", ["0006.html"]], ["Agenda January 26, 2016 SVG accessibility Task Force meeting", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0031.html"]], ["aria-ISSUE-1003: Conflicting ARIA semantics must be consistent with ARIA spec. with exceptions [SVG AAM Accessibility Mapping spec. ]", ["0007.html"]], ["Doodle Poll", ["0000.html"]], ["ISSUE-1001: Should xml:title be xlink:title? section 10.1 name and description has a couple of references to the \"xml:title attribute\". from some quick searching, i have yet to find any reference to that attribute; i have, however, found references and documentation for xlink:title. typo? git issue #137", ["0013.html"]], ["Making Accessible Images available from HTML <img>", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["Meeting day and time change for SVG accessibility task force - New day Tuesday new time 1pm Eastern US", ["0023.html", "0022.html"]], ["Minutes January 15, 2016 SVG accessibility Task Force meeting", ["0018.html"]], ["Next meeting Feb 9, Issues raised by Joanie Diggs and Actions", ["0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0037.html"]], ["Question about a couple of tests", ["0032.html"]], ["Reviewing the focus + tabindex section in SVG 2", ["0029.html", "0028.html", "0021.html"]], ["SVG A11Y Task Force meeting January 8, 2016 and Doodle poll lin k", ["0001.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2001: Draft a new definition of including elements that requires title/description to be non-empty.", ["0012.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2002: Draft new language for svg-aam.", ["0014.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2003: Investigate how role=none interacts with other aria- attributes, in other aria specs.", ["0015.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2004: Look into github issue #137", ["0016.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2005: Add testable statements for empty or whitespace names and descriptions", ["0017.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2006: Create AAM for Graphics Module", ["0025.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2007: Test migration", ["0026.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ACTION-2008: define authoring practices related to links", ["0034.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ISSUE-1002: Empty or all whitespace title/desc nullifies affect of title/desc child [SVG Accessibility]", ["0019.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ISSUE-1003: Does role none/presentation always exclude an element from inclusion in the accessibility tree? [SVG Accessibility]", ["0020.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ISSUE-1004: The Use element should default to graphics-symbol and also graphics symbol should subclass graphic [SVG Accessibility API Mappings]", ["0024.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ISSUE-1005: Conflicting ARIA semantics must be consistent with ARIA spec. with exceptions [SVG Accessibility API Mappings]", ["0027.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ISSUE-1006: multiple title and desc elements [SVG Accessibility API Mappings]", ["0030.html"]], ["svg-a11y-ISSUE-1007: trimming whitespace from accessible names and accessible descriptions [SVG Accessibility API Mappings]", ["0033.html"]], ["Tracker stuff migrated from PF", ["0002.html"]]], [["agenda Dec 11, 2015 SVG accessibility tf", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Agenda: Dec 4, 2015 SVG accessibility task force", ["0000.html"]], ["agenda: SVG a11y tk meeting Dec 18, 2015", ["0016.html"]], ["December 18, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0018.html"]], ["Generating Chemistry Examples", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Minutes, 4 Dec 2015 TelCon", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes: Dec 11, 2015 SVG accessibility tf", ["0015.html"]], ["PFWG-ACTION-1760: Chaals to review Fred's test proposals as far as possible in a week", ["0011.html"]], ["PFWG-ACTION-1761: Fred to expand testable statements to include roles", ["0012.html"]], ["SVG a11y testing", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["SVG example", ["0010.html"]], ["svg testing", ["0017.html"]], ["tabindex", ["0009.html"]], ["testing db", ["0019.html"]]], [["48-Hour Call for Consensus (CfC): Publish two WAI-ARIA FPWDs", ["0044.html"]], ["[SVG-AAM] edits", ["0001.html"]], ["Agenda for Nov 21, 2015 SVG accessibility task force meeting", ["0038.html"]], ["Agenda Nov 13 SVG accessibility task force", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["ARIA Editor's Drafts and gh-pages branch on GitHub", ["0012.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Can we please revert the removal of viewTarget attribute?", ["0009.html", "0006.html"]], ["Generating Chemistry Examples", ["0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["link navigation", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Minutes for Nov 20, 2015 SVG accessibility task force meeting", ["0040.html"]], ["minutes SVG accessibility task force meeting Nov 13, 2015", ["0033.html", "0026.html"]], ["Name and Description computation", ["0036.html", "0035.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["Name and Description computation -- Proposed new texts", ["0048.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["Nov 6 meeting, meetings issues", ["0020.html"]], ["Nov 6, 2015 SVG accessibility TF minutes", ["0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html"]], ["SVG AAM", ["0021.html", "0011.html"]], ["svg examples", ["0037.html", "0034.html"]], ["SVG WG review of SVG accessibility specifications", ["0022.html"]], ["SVG-AAM published today", ["0039.html"]], ["whether we should meet on Nov 6 if so agenda", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]]], [["[SVG-AAM] editorial: Accessible name calculation", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html"]], ["[SVG-AAM] edits", ["0037.html", "0035.html"]], ["Agenda October 9, 2015 SVG accessibility task force", ["0022.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html"]], ["agenda SVG accessibility task force Oct 23, 2015", ["0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html"]], ["Can we please revert the removal of viewTarget attribute?", ["0048.html"]], ["Graphics Module changes and issues -- also no meeting on Friday Oct 30 (TPAC week)", ["0046.html"]], ["HTML AAM linking", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["link navigation", ["0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["minutes from October 16, SVG accessiiblity meeting", ["0024.html"]], ["Minutes, 9 October 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force TelCon", ["0010.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0011.html"]], ["role=\"text\" mappings", ["0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html"]], ["Some more examples - one worked up to be \"accessible\"", ["0005.html"]], ["SVG AAM", ["0047.html"]], ["SVG accessibility task force meeting Agenda October 16, 2015", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["SVG accessibility task force minutes Oct 2 2015", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0000.html"]], ["What should assistive technologies get from line like elements?", ["0007.html"]], ["working up examples", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["Agenda Oct 2, 2015 SVG accessibility task force", ["0043.html"]], ["Agenda Sep 25 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0029.html"]], ["Agenda: SVG accessibility task force September 11, 2015", ["0011.html"]], ["Agenda: SVG accessibility task force September 4, 2015", ["0006.html"]], ["ARIA Graphics Module -- proposed roles hierarchy & data properties", ["0009.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Brunel Visualization Language", ["0028.html"]], ["data availability", ["0044.html"]], ["EvoGraphs plug-in -- a relevant practical implementation", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["minutes from 18 September 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force meeting", ["0021.html"]], ["Minutes, SVG Accessibility Task Force, 4 September 2015", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes: Sepetember 11, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0013.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF telecon, 11th September 2015", ["0014.html"]], ["New Accessibility Test tools out on IBM's BlueMix Cloud Development platform", ["0016.html"]], ["palettes and legends", ["0010.html"]], ["Regrets", ["0024.html"]], ["SVG AAM", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility API Mappings", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility Task Force MeetingSeptember 18, 2015 Agenda", ["0017.html"]], ["tool for exposing marked up SVG to AT", ["0004.html"]], ["update of WAI-ARIA Graphics Module and aria-gtype", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0015.html"]], ["webinar: Building Accessibility to Address Cognitive Impairments", ["0012.html"]], ["WG Decision: Request transition of Canvas2D to Proposed Recommendation", ["0020.html"]]], [["Action-1715: figure role", ["0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html"]], ["Agenda 14 August SVG A11Y Task Force Meeting", ["0007.html"]], ["Agenda: August 7, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0002.html"]], ["ARIA Graphics Module -- proposed roles hierarchy & data properties", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0026.html", "0022.html"]], ["chart info from NCAM and other issues from SVG A11Y meeting August 14", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Comments on draft chart taxonomy", ["0000.html"]], ["Identifying things and relationships", ["0008.html"]], ["Jason's note - Notes on Graphics Types and Educational Applications and taxonomy", ["0016.html"]], ["minutes form Aug 14 SVG A11Y meeting", ["0009.html"]], ["minutes from today", ["0023.html"]], ["Minutes, SVG Accessibility Task Force Teleconference, 21 August 2015", ["0019.html"]], ["Minutes: August 14, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0010.html"]], ["Minutes: August 28, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0024.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF telecon, 7th August 2015", ["0004.html"]], ["Regrets: SVG A11Y Task Force Agenda August 21", ["0018.html"]], ["Requirements & Taxonomy", ["0015.html"]], ["Some thoughts on making diagrams accessible", ["0001.html"]], ["SVG A11Y Task Force Agenda August 21", ["0017.html"]], ["SVG a11y tf meeting minutes for August 28", ["0025.html"]], ["SVG accessibility task force meeting agenda August 28", ["0020.html"]], ["SVG-A11y Meeting Time", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["table comparing roles and properties", ["0027.html"]], ["tool for exposing marked up SVG to AT", ["0021.html"]]], [["Agenda for July 10 SVG Accessibiliity Task Force", ["0000.html"]], ["Agenda for July 17", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Agenda for July 31 SVG a11y task force", ["0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Minutes, 17 July 2015 Teleconference", ["0003.html"]], ["Minutes: July 24, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0004.html"]]], [["Agenda - SVG accessibility Task Force June 12", ["0005.html"]], ["Agenda for June 19 SVG accessibility task force", ["0012.html"]], ["Agenda SVG A11Y TK June 5, 2015", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Agenda: June 26, 2015 SVG A11y Task Force Meeting", ["0025.html"]], ["Agenda: June 26, 2015 SVG A11y Task Force Meeting (resending)", ["0034.html"]], ["ARIA roles for graphics", ["0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0026.html"]], ["counter styles and SVG", ["0001.html"]], ["Fwd: A few use cases for using SVG in unusual ways for accessibility", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes - June 26, 2015", ["0036.html"]], ["Minutes: June 12, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task force Meeting", ["0006.html"]], ["Minutes: June 19, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0014.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF meeting, 5th June 2015", ["0004.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF telecon, 29th May 2015", ["0000.html"]], ["No meeting this week", ["0037.html"]], ["Notes on Graphics Types and Educational Applications", ["0023.html"]], ["Preliminary analysis of STEM graphics requirements", ["0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility API Mapping Spec: Significant edits", ["0035.html", "0031.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html"]], ["use element mapping to IMG vs. group", ["0007.html"]], ["WAI-ARIA Graphics Module", ["0024.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0015.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]]], [["[public-svg-a11y] <none>", ["0018.html"]], ["Action-1634: the switch element and <title> and <desc>", ["0060.html", "0057.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0042.html", "0029.html"]], ["Agenda 8 May, 2015", ["0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Agenda for May 29, 2015", ["0079.html"]], ["Agenda May 1 SVG Accessibility TF", ["0000.html"]], ["ARIA roles for graphics", ["0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0071.html", "0068.html", "0067.html", "0066.html", "0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html"]], ["CfC on good practices for images", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["COGA meeting at noon eastern time", ["0017.html"]], ["Connectors", ["0002.html"]], ["Fwd: ACTION-3756 - appendix e, accessibility", ["0080.html"]], ["Interactive educational simulations", ["0037.html"]], ["Meeting minutes for 22 May 2015", ["0070.html"]], ["minutes for May 22 SVG A11y TK", ["0069.html"]], ["Minutes: May 15, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0036.html"]], ["Minutes: May 8, 2015 SVG A11y Task Force Meeting", ["0028.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF telecon, 29th May 2015", ["0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF, 1st May 2015", ["0001.html"]], ["role=\"text\"", ["0062.html"]], ["Some authoring guidance drafts", ["0049.html"]], ["some use cases from wikimedia", ["0008.html"]], ["SVG a11y tk Agenda --- we are now using webex", ["0034.html", "0032.html", "0023.html"]], ["SVG a11y TK agenda May 22", ["0061.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility API Mappings -- Building the Accessibility Tree", ["0053.html", "0045.html", "0043.html"]], ["SVG accessibility task force, minutes for May 8", ["0016.html"]], ["SVG charts", ["0030.html", "0022.html"]], ["SVG markup thoughts", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["SVG Navigation Proposal", ["0056.html"]], ["tactile displays and tooltips", ["0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["Taxonomy development: graphics in science and mathematics disciplines", ["0041.html", "0038.html"]], ["The view element - SVG Accessibility API Mappings", ["0044.html"]], ["Use Case: Chemical Diagram Navigation", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]]], [["Agenda 24 April", ["0022.html"]], ["Agenda for April 10, 2015", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Agenda for April 17, 2015", ["0014.html"]], ["Agenda May 1 SVG Accessibility TF", ["0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["CSS Basic User Interface Module Level 3 - note", ["0010.html"]], ["Interactive educational simulations", ["0023.html"]], ["Liaison meeting", ["0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["minutes for 10 Apr 2015", ["0005.html"]], ["STEM graphics action item - update", ["0003.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting, 17 April 2015, Minutes", ["0018.html", "0017.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility Task Force, 24 April 2015 Teleconference", ["0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["SVG Navigation Proposal", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["To Do: Create SVG points for \"How to Meet WCAG 2.0\" interactive checklist", ["0031.html", "0029.html"]], ["wiki and Collecting use cases\u2026", ["0007.html"]], ["Wiki or Github pages or?", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Wiki updated\u2026", ["0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html"]]], [["Agenda for March 27", ["0028.html"]], ["agenda March 13, 2015", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["agenda March 13, 2015 European time change", ["0007.html"]], ["ARIA in HTMl5.1", ["0014.html"]], ["Issues 23, 24, and 25, in the SVG spec.", ["0012.html"]], ["minutes for 27 March 2015 --- NOTE NO MEETING APRIL 3", ["0029.html"]], ["Minutes: March 20, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF telecon, 13th March 2015", ["0010.html"]], ["Redo of the SVG Accessibility Appendix", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["SVG A11Y TF meeting agenda", ["0013.html"]], ["SVG Action 3728 and SVG Task force action 1582", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0004.html"]], ["SVG charts", ["0011.html"]], ["SVG issue and action tracking thus far", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Symbols for AAC using SVG and a web API", ["0030.html"]], ["take your pick", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Taxonomy development: graphics in science and mathematics disciplines", ["0023.html"]]], [["[Transition Announcement] SVG Accessibility API Mappings 1.0 FPWD", ["0045.html", "0043.html"]], ["agenda for Feb 6 2015", ["0005.html"]], ["Agenda for Friday the 13th, of February", ["0010.html"]], ["Agenda for SVG a11y task force February 20", ["0019.html"]], ["Agenda for SVG a11y task force February 20 updated", ["0023.html", "0021.html"]], ["authoring guidance", ["0003.html"]], ["Changed link from SVG-AAM to Core-AAM", ["0041.html", "0040.html"]], ["Cross-disability access and scope of work", ["0009.html"]], ["CSUN", ["0033.html", "0029.html", "0027.html"]], ["csun panel discussion name", ["0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["minutes for 6 Feb, 2015", ["0007.html"]], ["Minutes: January 30, 2015 WAI-PF SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0006.html"]], ["Minutes: SVG A11y TF teleconf, 13th February 2015", ["0016.html"]], ["No SVG Accessibility Task force meeting during the CSUN conference week", ["0011.html"]], ["Presentation on Accessible SVG at Libre Graphics 2015 in Toronto (29 April \u2013 2 May)", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Proposed Abstract and Status for SVG-AAM", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0020.html"]], ["SVG a11y task force meeting canceled for February 27 and March 6 --- let Rich know if you are coming to dinner Tuesday", ["0042.html", "0039.html", "0036.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility API Mapping Specification", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["SVG Action 3728 and SVG Task force action 1582", ["0018.html"]], ["take your pick", ["0048.html", "0047.html", "0046.html", "0044.html", "0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0028.html"]], ["Unofficial log of SVG-A11y meeting, 2015 February 20", ["0025.html"]], ["updated agenda for Friday the 13th of February", ["0014.html"]], ["URL for CSUN SVG panel?", ["0026.html"]], ["wiki link", ["0008.html"]]], [["A couple of comments on SVG2 Accessibility API Mappings", ["0034.html", "0028.html"]], ["Accessibility appendix in the SVG2 spec.", ["0025.html"]], ["Accessible Name Computation", ["0029.html"]], ["agenda Jan 30, 2015 2015 WAI-PF SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0061.html", "0056.html"]], ["Agenda+: SVG-A11y f2f", ["0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0053.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["Agenda: January 16, 2015 WAI-PF SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0004.html"]], ["Agenda: January 16, 2015 WAI-PF SVG Accessibility Task Force -- note new IRC channel #svg-a11y", ["0005.html"]], ["Agenda: January 23, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0013.html"]], ["agenda: January 31, 2015 WAI-PF SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0044.html"]], ["Agenda: January 9, 2015 WAI-PF SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["ARIA Dataviz Vocabulary Strawman", ["0009.html", "0006.html"]], ["authoring guidance", ["0065.html", "0064.html"]], ["Comments on SVG Accessibility Mappings -- Default and Allowed Semantics", ["0043.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0014.html", "0011.html"]], ["Comments on SVG Accessibility Mappings -- Language and Scope", ["0048.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0010.html"]], ["edits to mapping spec.", ["0054.html"]], ["Introducing\u2026", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["Issue 698", ["0049.html"]], ["minutes for Friday March 13, 2015", ["0007.html"]], ["Minutes January 23, 2015 SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0055.html"]], ["Minutes: January 8, 2014 SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0003.html"]], ["Presentation on Accessible SVG at Libre Graphics 2015 in Toronto (29 April \u2013 2 May)", ["0063.html"]], ["spec. updates.", ["0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility API Mapping specification", ["0062.html"]], ["SVG2 Accessibility API Mapping specification", ["0045.html", "0031.html", "0030.html"]], ["SVG2 Accessibility API Mappings", ["0012.html", "0008.html"]], ["Thoughts on taxonomy development", ["0000.html"]]], [["Agenda: December 12, 2014 WAI-PF SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0004.html"]], ["Agenda: December 19, 2014 WAI-PF SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0007.html"]], ["minutes for Friday December 12, 2014", ["0006.html"]], ["Minutes: December 19, 2014 SVG Accessibility Task Force Meeting", ["0012.html"]], ["strawman with legend fix", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["SVG 1.1 default implicit ARIA semantics", ["0000.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Taxonomy straw man", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["Thoughts on taxonomy development", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html"]]], [["Staw man taxonomy", ["0000.html"]], ["SVG 1.1 default implicit ARIA semantics", ["0010.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["SVG Accessibility Task Force", ["0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]]]