[[["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2019 - Will your Community Group meet in Fukuoka?", ["0000.html"]]], [["TPAC Schedule - Community Groups", ["0000.html"]]], [["W3C TPAC 2018: Will your Community Group meet in Lyon?", ["0000.html"]]], [["tvapi-ACTION-:", ["0000.html"]]], [["TV control API multiple module use case clarification", ["0000.html"]]], [["Radio use cases", ["0000.html"]], ["TV control API multiple module use case clarification", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control CG/WG call - 31 May 2016", ["0021.html"]], ["[minutes] TV Control CG/WG joint call - 2016-05-03", ["0002.html"]], ["Canceled: TV Control API Conference Call", ["0000.html"]], ["Conference call agenda, May 31 2016", ["0016.html"]], ["TAG discussion on the TV Control WG charter", ["0015.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["TPAC 2016 registration now open", ["0012.html"]], ["TV Control API specification feedback", ["0014.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-49: ask the CG about transitioning the GitHub repository to the WG", ["0003.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-:", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0001.html"]], ["Working Group draft specification", ["0017.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]]], [["Conference call agenda, May 3 2016", ["0015.html"]], ["Creation of the TV Control Working Group", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0006.html"]], ["Fwd: UPnP Forum Liaison Letter | UPnP Data Model update", ["0005.html"]], ["Nominate Chris Needham as Co-Chair of TV Control API CG", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Notes from today's conference call", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["TPAC 2016 meeting", ["0004.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control API CG call - 08 March 2016", ["0010.html"]], ["New W3C publication requirements as of March 1", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday March 8th", ["0002.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-46: get in touch with security experts in the Automotive group", ["0006.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-47: draft a Wiki page listing high-level requirements related to restricted access to EPG metadata for the sake of security", ["0007.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-48: continue use case mapping between the automotive media API and the TV Control API, and start to put together a draft", ["0009.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-:", ["0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Will your Community Group meet during TPAC 2016?", ["0003.html"]]], [["[minutes] TV Control API CG call - 09 February 2016", ["0005.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday February 9th", ["0000.html"]], ["TV Control WG charter under review by the W3C Advisory Committee", ["0006.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-43: look into security models (esp. Automotive WG) to give inputs on the security model", ["0002.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-44: add user stories to the automotive use case comparison spreadsheet (Ryan Davis)", ["0003.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-45: add categorisation to the Function Owner column in the automotive use case comparison spreadsheet (Ryan Davis)", ["0004.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-:", ["0001.html"]]], [["[tvapi] minutes - 12 January 2016", ["0001.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday January 12th", ["0000.html"]], ["W3C invites W3C Community Groups to meet at TPAC 2016", ["0002.html"]]], [["[Draft WG charter] Give some leeway to group API functions as needed?", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["[Draft WG charter] List of external organizations", ["0017.html"]], ["[tvapi] minutes - 8 December 2015", ["0007.html"]], ["good news! - Bin won the 2015 OPNFV Annual Award", ["0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Privacy and security", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday December 8th", ["0006.html"]], ["TV Control API Conference Call", ["0008.html"]], ["WG draft charter and Phase 2 proposals", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["[tvapi] minutes - 10 November 2015", ["0001.html"]], ["[tvapi] minutes - 10 November 2015)", ["0002.html"]], ["[tvapi] wiki page for the phase 2 use cases", ["0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Call for Final Specification Commitments for TV Control API Specification v1.0 [via TV Control API Community Group]", ["0016.html"]], ["Comments during Public Review of TV Control API Specification Draft", ["0005.html", "0003.html"]], ["Draft TV Control WG Charter for Review and Comments", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["First Draft of TV Control API Specification (Draft Candidate) published by TV Control API Community Group [via TV Control API Community Group]", ["0008.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday November 10th", ["0000.html"]], ["WG draft charter and Phase 2 proposals", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]]], [["Comments on TV Control API specification", ["0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["Comments on TV Control API specification)", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Handling for non-TV \"channels\"", ["0001.html"]], ["Permissions for access, and race handling", ["0003.html"]], ["Public Review of TV Control API Draft Specification v0.90", ["0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-41: Verify the cas-related changes proposed.", ["0007.html", "0004.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-42: Review the emails around program.data.detail and implement/remove requirement.", ["0006.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[tvapi] changes to WIKIs on support for CAS requirements", ["0037.html"]], ["[tvapi] Minutes - 29 September 2015", ["0032.html"]], ["Canceled: TV Control API Conference Call", ["0033.html"]], ["GitHub guide for W3C projects", ["0002.html"]], ["Public Review of TV Control API Draft Specification v0.90", ["0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0036.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday September 29th", ["0029.html"]], ["TV Control API Conference Call", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-38: Propose an api spec for conditional access systems", ["0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-38: Propose an api spec for conditional access systems -> for [cas.decrypt] requirement", ["0011.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-38: Propose an api spec for conditional access systems -> for [cas.notifications] requirement", ["0015.html", "0012.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-38: Propose an api spec for conditional access systems -> for requirement [cas]", ["0024.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0010.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-39: Look into parental control", ["0028.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0019.html", "0017.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-41: Verify the cas-related changes proposed.", ["0030.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-42: Review the emails around program.data.detail and implement/remove requirement.", ["0031.html"]]], [["ACTION-30: Skim the work done by the media pipeline tf", ["0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["ACTION-33 and ACTION-35: API additions to remianing requirements", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday August 4th", ["0000.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday September 1st", ["0017.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-39: Look into parental control", ["0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-40: Look at existing requirement gaps for channel and programme data", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html"]]], [["[Minutes] TV Control API CG meeting, July 7, 2015", ["0010.html"]], ["[tvapi] Status of CAS/DRM requirements for TV Control APIs", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["ACTION-33 and ACTION-35: API additions to remianing requirements", ["0015.html", "0011.html", "0001.html"]], ["Fwd: Status update: TV/video-related activity at W3C, May 2015", ["0016.html"]], ["TV Control API Conference Call", ["0002.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-27: Work on triggered interactive overlay requirements", ["0000.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-36: Look at the requirements from the media pipeline tf", ["0007.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-37: Update the progress measurement table for recording, timeshifting, and triggered overlays", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0008.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-38: Propose an api spec for conditional access systems", ["0009.html"]], ["WebEx Conference Bridge - Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday July 7th", ["0003.html"]]], [["ACTION-30: Skim the work done by the media pipeline tf", ["0012.html"]], ["ACTION-33 and ACTION-35: API additions to remianing requirements", ["0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["Comments on Media Capture and Streams Specification", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["MediaStream and time-shifted TV playback", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday July 7th", ["0011.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday June 09", ["0002.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-33: Send to the mailing list an initial list of changes to the tuner api", ["0003.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-34: Email daniel burnett with our mediastream findings", ["0004.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-35: Add offline recording to the list of tuner api changes", ["0005.html"]]], [["[tvapi] Minutes - monthly call, 12th May 2015", ["0002.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday May 12", ["0000.html"]], ["Time-shifting follow-up", ["0003.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-32: Add column to gap analysis/requirements table for genivi ideas", ["0001.html"]]], [["[DevMeetup] A Rough Mapping Between Hybrid TV Functional Areas and W3C Spec/Group Scopes", ["0019.html"]], ["[tvapi] minutes - 14 April 2015", ["0018.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["[tvapi] minutes - 17 March 2015", ["0000.html"]], ["[tvapi] Volunteer to look at Conditional Access System (CAS) Requirements", ["0021.html", "0020.html"]], ["A Rough Mapping Between Hybrid TV Functional Areas and W3C Spec/Group Scopes", ["0023.html"]], ["Progress Measurement Table Updated", ["0017.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday April 14", ["0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["TV developer meetup notes (Tokyo)", ["0005.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-26: Contact sean and add emergency alert requirements to the spec", ["0012.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-30: Skim the work done by the media pipeline tf and let this cg know", ["0013.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-31: Ask yosuke to share the meet-up report with the group", ["0014.html"]], ["Updated: A Rough Mapping Between Hybrid TV Functional Areas and W3C Spec/Group Scopes", ["0022.html"]]], [["Genivi Radio Use Cases for Media Tuner API", ["0003.html"]], ["Playing the channel from TVTuner", ["0017.html", "0015.html", "0014.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday March 17", ["0018.html", "0010.html"]], ["TV developer meetup notes (Tokyo)", ["0030.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-24: use of Media Capture to realize recording requirements", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0002.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-25: Look at the timeshifting requirements and the html video element", ["0022.html", "0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-26: Contact sean and add emergency alert requirements to the spec", ["0029.html", "0027.html", "0007.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-27: Work on triggered interactive overlay requirements", ["0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-28: Share wiki page containing feedback from japan tv dev meetup", ["0019.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-29: Look further into timeshifting and mediastream api rationale", ["0020.html"]], ["Use cases of TVSourceType", ["0021.html"]]], [["[tvapi] minutes - 17 Feb. 2015", ["0007.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday February 17", ["0000.html"]], ["TV Control API added to Requirements Mapping table", ["0001.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-23: Email the mailing list regarding the recording.series requirement and proposed solutions", ["0002.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-23: recording.series requirement discussion", ["0011.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-24: Look at the media capture and streams api and compare against our recording and timeshifting requirements", ["0003.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-24: use of Media Capture to realize recording requirements", ["0012.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0008.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-25: Look at the timeshifting requirements and the html video element", ["0004.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-26: Contact sean and add emergency alert requirements to the spec", ["0013.html", "0005.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-27: Work on triggered interactive overlay requirements", ["0006.html"]]], [["[Minutes] TV Control API CG Teleconference - 20150120", ["0003.html"]], ["[TVAPI] Editor's Draft Available", ["0001.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday January 20", ["0000.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-22: And kaz to add a column to the mapping table to measure the progress of our specification.", ["0002.html"]]], [["Welecome Sean Lin to be our Co-Editor", ["0000.html"]]], [["Canceled: TV Control API Conference Call - Cancelled for Christmas Holidays", ["0005.html"]], ["Minutes of Today's Teleconference", ["0007.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday November 25", ["0006.html", "0001.html"]], ["TV API mappings updated", ["0000.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-19: Contact mozilla to see if they will contribute their api to the group", ["0002.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-20: Contact mozilla to ask if someone there wants to become an editor of the spec", ["0003.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-21: Contact hbbtv regarding their specification", ["0004.html"]]], [["Canceled: TV Control API Conference Call", ["0004.html"]], ["Comparison/gap analysis of reqs and APIs", ["0006.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["TV Control API Conference Call", ["0005.html"]]], [["[TPAC 2014] Marriott Hotel Room Availability Update", ["0017.html"]], ["Accessing media contents with MediaStream", ["0001.html"]], ["Action-4: Consolidated Technical Requirement", ["0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Class hierarchy of TV APIs for discussion", ["0000.html"]], ["Class hierarchy of TV APIs for discussion (resend)", ["0007.html", "0005.html"]], ["Face-to-face meeting at TPAC 2014", ["0016.html"]], ["Github repository for TV control API CG", ["0004.html"]], ["Guide to W3C specs on GitHub", ["0019.html"]], ["Minutes of Conference Call on September 2", ["0008.html"]], ["Minutes of Conference Call on September 30", ["0023.html"]], ["Next Step and Our F2F in TPAC", ["0024.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday September 30", ["0018.html"]], ["Requirements labelling", ["0012.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-16: Start email discussion with yosuke regarding tpac agenda", ["0020.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-17: Send invitation to hbbtv to present at tpac", ["0021.html"]], ["tvapi-ACTION-18: Create requirements mapping table", ["0022.html"]], ["Wiki Table of Class hierarchy of TV APIs for discussion", ["0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0006.html"]]], [["Action-4: Consolidated Technical Requirement", ["0003.html"]], ["ACTION-9: Link to the requirement and circulate the skeleton document", ["0001.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday September 2nd", ["0002.html"]], ["Today's Meeting Minutes", ["0000.html"]]], [["Action-4: Consolidated Technical Requirement", ["0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Minutes of Our Teleconference on Tuesday July 8th", ["0009.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday Aug 5th", ["0013.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday July 8th", ["0001.html"]], ["Sketch out the TV Control API", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]]], [["Meeting minutes today", ["0002.html"]], ["Reminder of Teleconference on Tuesday June 10th", ["0001.html"]], ["TV Control API Conference Call", ["0000.html"]]], [["[admin] Appointment of Co-Editors", ["0011.html", "0008.html"]], ["[admin] Logistics of Teleconference and Call for Scribe", ["0006.html"]], ["[admin] Minutes of our CC today", ["0007.html"]], ["Call for Contribution and Wiki Page", ["0009.html"]], ["Call for Editors", ["0001.html"]], ["Comments on Mozilla TV Tuner API Proposal Was: Draft Charter of Proposed Channel Control API Community Group", ["0010.html"]], ["Poll for Scheduling our Regular Conference Call of TV Control API CG", ["0000.html"]], ["Reminder: Poll for Scheduling our Regular Conference Call of TV Control API CG", ["0002.html"]], ["TV Control API CC at 9:00am Eastern Time Tuesday May 13th", ["0003.html"]], ["TV Control API Conference Call", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]]]]