[[["[announcement] SIMILE Longwell 1.0 Released", ["0000.html"]]], [["Subscription to the NewSunGraphics newsletter", ["0000.html"]]], [["[please ignore]", ["0000.html"]], ["Announcing SIMILE Gadget", ["0001.html"]], ["SIMILE Store Report", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]]], [["[MODS] semantic web and mads? (was MADS: XML schema for authorities)", ["0015.html"]], ["AKTORs work on referential integrity", ["0016.html"]], ["Fwd: [MODS] MADS: XML schema for authorities", ["0010.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["SIMILE conference, 10-June-04 1100 EDT /1600 BST", ["0014.html"]], ["SKOS & SIMILE, concepts, terms, URIs, mappings", ["0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]]], [["[wiki] New: RyansActivities", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["DSpace in Iraq?", ["0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Jena RDF via Velocity experience in Simile?", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Mapping between schemas", ["0001.html"]], ["Overview of design decisions made creating stylesheet and sch ema for Artstor data", ["0006.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Overview of design decisions made creating stylesheet and schema for Artstor data", ["0011.html"]], ["Simile Deliverables review; apr 27 deadline]", ["0003.html"]]], [["Amazon launches A9 search service", ["0010.html"]], ["Announcement of SWAD-Europe SKOS API for thesauri web service", ["0031.html"]], ["future simile teleconference logistics", ["0002.html"]], ["Google DSpace news item", ["0015.html"]], ["PI Calls", ["0000.html"]], ["questions about Library of Congress Thesaurus of Graphic Material s", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["record linkage in SIMILE", ["0020.html"]], ["Regrets for PI Call on 15th April", ["0005.html"]], ["SIMILE : WWW2004 DevDay Proposal", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Simile Deliverables review; apr 27 deadline", ["0030.html", "0028.html", "0025.html", "0023.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 15-Apr-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 29-Apr-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0024.html"]], ["SKOS & SIMILE, concepts, terms, URIs, mappings", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["WWW2004 DevDay Proposal", ["0001.html"]]], [["Announcing SKOS-Core 1.0 - an RDF Schema for Thesauri", ["0010.html"]], ["Fwd: WWW 2004 Developers Day", ["0003.html"]], ["JoDi special issue \"New Applications of KOS\"", ["0011.html"]], ["simile home page", ["0004.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 1-Apr-04 1100 EDT/1700 BST", ["0012.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 18-Mar-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0005.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 24-March-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html"]], ["Weekly teleconference", ["0006.html"]]], [["(Cancelled) SIMILE PI phone conference, 19-Feb-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0010.html"]], ["Bug in RDF generated for haystack-simile-demo", ["0014.html"]], ["Fwd: CFP: Joint Conf on Digital Libraries (JCDL2004) - Paper Submission Deadline : 15 January 2004", ["0000.html"]], ["Modelling and inferencing for controlled terms", ["0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["RDFX", ["0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 05-Feb-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 11-Feb-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 26-Feb-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0013.html"]]], [["Canadian eduSource project", ["0000.html"]], ["Comments on \"Dspace History System: Descriptive Note\" of 2003 /May /14", ["0021.html"]], ["Comments on \"Dspace History System: Descriptive Note\" of 2003/May /14", ["0018.html"]], ["Comments on Section 3", ["0017.html"]], ["Demo subset available", ["0010.html"]], ["DSpace + updated history, Joseki on simile.mit.edu", ["0005.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["Fwd: [DIGLIB] CFP: International Conference on Formal Ontology in Information Systems (2004.11.4-6: Torino, Italy)", ["0029.html"]], ["Haystack/Joseki", ["0012.html"]], ["HILT phase II project Report", ["0020.html"]], ["Joining the SIMILE project", ["0013.html"]], ["Loading Jena databases", ["0011.html"]], ["Logistics for Thursday's 1100 EST / 1600 GMT meeting", ["0025.html", "0024.html", "0023.html"]], ["Longwell custom browser prototype, RDQL and Joseki", ["0032.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0022.html"]], ["Mac OS X build of Haystack", ["0030.html"]], ["Notes from 2004-01-22 phone meeting", ["0019.html", "0016.html"]], ["SIMILE browser, latest version of data", ["0014.html"]], ["SIMILE PI Call, Thursday 8 Jan 11am EST", ["0004.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 15-Jan-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0009.html", "0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 22-Jan-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0015.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 29-Jan-04 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0031.html", "0028.html"]]], [["4.651 20 Century Art available in CVS", ["0038.html"]], ["Action list, SIMILE Plenary", ["0049.html"]], ["Announcement: A revised I-D for \"info\"", ["0028.html"]], ["broken link", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["Canadian eduSource project", ["0050.html"]], ["Demoscript", ["0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Fwd: LTSC-LOM-RDF: Paper on LOM RDF binding", ["0008.html"]], ["latest version of demo script", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Meeting with Raymond Yee next week", ["0046.html", "0044.html", "0039.html"]], ["Minutes from SIMILE PI phone conference, 11-Dec-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0041.html"]], ["New RDF for OCW", ["0033.html"]], ["overlaps", ["0037.html"]], ["Revised version of plenary agenda", ["0047.html", "0045.html", "0040.html", "0011.html"]], ["Revised version of plenary agenda (v4)", ["0048.html"]], ["Schedule of meetings next week", ["0042.html"]], ["script for loading data into Postgres", ["0043.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 04-Dec-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0010.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 11-Dec-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0036.html"]], ["ungetable http URIs", ["0032.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0027.html", "0026.html", "0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Updated demo script", ["0012.html"]]], [["Announcing SWAD-Europe Thesaurus Activity Site", ["0049.html"]], ["Another update to IMS", ["0028.html", "0026.html", "0025.html"]], ["Artstor as RDF", ["0003.html"]], ["ArtStor image overlaps with OCW", ["0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["Best practices using URIs", ["0048.html", "0046.html", "0045.html", "0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0033.html", "0031.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0001.html"]], ["data integration, data sets, flamingo", ["0074.html", "0073.html", "0071.html", "0064.html", "0055.html", "0024.html"]], ["DSpace History White Paper", ["0067.html"]], ["DSpace History White Paper - Comment Deadline", ["0085.html", "0084.html", "0082.html"]], ["Faceted search tools", ["0061.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Faceted search tools, next steps on vocabulary mapping", ["0066.html"]], ["Fwd: VRA Schema from UCAI", ["0081.html"]], ["HILT project work", ["0047.html"]], ["HP Position Paper", ["0044.html"]], ["In respect of ISBN URNs", ["0043.html"]], ["Joseki", ["0077.html"]], ["Joseki - publishing RDF", ["0083.html", "0079.html"]], ["Joseki problems", ["0054.html"]], ["Joseki WebAPI in Perl", ["0053.html"]], ["Name mapper toop through OCLC naming authority checked in", ["0000.html"]], ["OCW metadata", ["0023.html"]], ["position paper", ["0050.html"]], ["Position Papers", ["0052.html"]], ["Proposal regarding name equivalences", ["0004.html"]], ["RDF schemas for thesauri and simple KOS *pre-release*", ["0091.html", "0090.html"]], ["RDF Thesauri and KOS API", ["0095.html", "0092.html"]], ["References on data quality / cleanup / merging", ["0027.html"]], ["Request for use cases - terminology services", ["0051.html"]], ["SHAME/SCAM editor", ["0035.html", "0034.html"]], ["simile demonstrator storyboard", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 06-Nov-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0013.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 13-Nov-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0039.html", "0038.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 19-Nov-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0076.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 20-Nov-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0078.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 20-Nov-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST (correcte d date, revised agenda)", ["0080.html"]], ["SIMILE position papers, deadline 13th of November", ["0032.html"]], ["SIMILE work", ["0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html"]], ["SKOS-Core comments and labels added", ["0093.html"]], ["SKOS-Mapping comments and labels added", ["0094.html"]], ["ungetable http URIs", ["0086.html", "0075.html", "0072.html", "0070.html", "0069.html", "0068.html", "0065.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html", "0056.html"]], ["VRA, RDF, MyLibrary, and uPortal", ["0089.html", "0088.html", "0087.html"]], ["Writing CIDOC in N3", ["0007.html", "0002.html"]]], [["\"Hello World\" mapping demonstration", ["0025.html"]], ["[making-corpus-rdf] discussion notes on artstor", ["0092.html"]], ["[making-corpus-rdf] discussion notes on ims", ["0091.html"]], ["[project-organization] use of mailing lists", ["0089.html"]], ["A look again at VRAcore", ["0041.html", "0027.html"]], ["artStor data", ["0044.html"]], ["ArtStor keyword tools", ["0121.html"]], ["Artstor XML -> RDF", ["0007.html"]], ["at risk for thursdays meeting", ["0062.html"]], ["Controlled Vocabularies for Learning Object Metadata <-- CEN/ISS workshop", ["0018.html"]], ["Crossover between IMS and ArtStor", ["0053.html"]], ["Crosswalks article in D-Lib (fwd)", ["0000.html"]], ["dealing with mixed mode elements in XML CIDOC data", ["0052.html", "0050.html"]], ["Figuring out RDF", ["0023.html"]], ["History Deliverables", ["0118.html"]], ["Investigating the Artstor and VRA schemas", ["0071.html", "0069.html", "0068.html"]], ["IRC Log, SIMILE Call 2003.10.23", ["0079.html"]], ["Mapping between schemas", ["0016.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html"]], ["Materials and relations", ["0082.html"]], ["Metadata schemas", ["0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Mick regrets for 06 Nov 2003 PI call", ["0055.html"]], ["Name canonicalization", ["0122.html"]], ["Name mapper toop through OCLC naming authority checked in", ["0124.html"]], ["naming labelled instances", ["0065.html", "0064.html", "0063.html"]], ["notes from discussion today on Artstor and VRA schemas", ["0073.html"]], ["Ontology browser work by David Karger's student", ["0078.html"]], ["Ontology browsing", ["0105.html", "0096.html", "0084.html", "0081.html"]], ["Overlaps in the Artstor and IMS corpori", ["0108.html"]], ["Overview of design decisions made creating stylesheet and sch ema for Artstor data", ["0043.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0030.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0026.html", "0024.html"]], ["Overview of design decisions made creating stylesheet and schema for Artstor data", ["0020.html"]], ["person schemas", ["0045.html", "0042.html", "0040.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0036.html", "0031.html"]], ["Plenary Proposal, for discussion today", ["0019.html"]], ["Progress with ArtStor", ["0049.html", "0048.html", "0046.html"]], ["Record Linkage in Simile", ["0109.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0102.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0095.html", "0094.html"]], ["Record Linkage in Simile (also canonicalizing names in SIMILE )", ["0097.html"]], ["schema visualization tools", ["0083.html", "0077.html"]], ["SIMILE Call - Tuesday, not To day", ["0003.html"]], ["SIMILE Call - Tuesday, not Today", ["0002.html", "0001.html"]], ["SIMILE call tomorrow", ["0070.html"]], ["SIMILE demo storyboard feedback", ["0123.html", "0120.html", "0113.html", "0112.html"]], ["SIMILE metadata update", ["0022.html", "0021.html"]], ["SIMILE minutes 23 october 2003", ["0080.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 09-Oct-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0017.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 16-Oct-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0051.html", "0047.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 16-Oct-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST)", ["0054.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 23-Oct-03 1100 EDT/1600 BST", ["0075.html", "0074.html", "0072.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 30-Oct-03 1100 EDT/1500 UK time", ["0119.html", "0117.html", "0116.html", "0115.html"]], ["SIMILE Plenary Dates", ["0076.html"]], ["SIMILE Plenary Dates: Confirming 16-17 Dec 2003", ["0056.html"]], ["SIMILE position papers, deadline 13th of November", ["0111.html", "0110.html"]], ["Tools for investigating schemas", ["0067.html", "0066.html"]], ["Update on corpus: Artstor and IMS", ["0114.html"]], ["XSD", ["0009.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["XSLT script for IMS", ["0090.html", "0088.html", "0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html"]], ["XSLT script for IMS)", ["0099.html", "0098.html", "0093.html"]], ["XSLT stylesheets", ["0061.html", "0060.html"]]], [["0C4HOME and Tobias", ["0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Amico Corpus", ["0008.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["conf call time", ["0045.html"]], ["Demo script - IMS metadata examples", ["0034.html", "0032.html", "0031.html"]], ["Demo script and vocabulary mapping", ["0038.html", "0037.html", "0035.html"]], ["Demonstrator Script", ["0039.html", "0033.html"]], ["Dublin Core to IMS/LOM", ["0012.html", "0010.html"]], ["Filter reports", ["0040.html"]], ["Fwd: [diglib] cfp: JoDI Special Issue on New Applications of Knowledge Organization Systems", ["0019.html"]], ["Fwd: CIDOC record test set?", ["0062.html"]], ["haystack + jena", ["0027.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0023.html"]], ["Minutes, PI call 2003-09-12", ["0030.html"]], ["Mismatch issue", ["0048.html", "0043.html"]], ["new time?", ["0063.html", "0059.html", "0058.html"]], ["OCLC article on schema mapping", ["0051.html"]], ["OpenIsis", ["0005.html"]], ["Portals of image collections", ["0036.html", "0001.html"]], ["Presentation materials for tomorrows PI call", ["0014.html", "0013.html"]], ["Presentation materials for tomorrows PI call - v.brief notes from CETIS/IMS meeting yesterday in London", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["reminder: SIMILE PI phone conference, 19-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0044.html"]], ["RESENT: SIMILE PI phone conference, 19-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0042.html"]], ["SCAM", ["0028.html", "0024.html"]], ["SIMILE demo storyboard feedback", ["0049.html"]], ["SIMILE in D-Lib", ["0047.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 05-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0017.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 12-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0029.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 17-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0041.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 19-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0050.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 26-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0061.html", "0060.html", "0057.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html"]], ["Site with IMS Learning Objects", ["0011.html"]], ["SWAD-E work on Thesaurus semantics & mapping", ["0052.html", "0046.html"]], ["Thought about search interface discussion - feedback from TASI", ["0021.html"]], ["Thought about search interface discussion on SIMILE PI phone conference, 05-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0020.html"]], ["Thoughts about search interface discussion", ["0022.html"]], ["Updated: SIMILE PI phone conference, 05-Sep-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0018.html"]], ["XMIL in ISIS", ["0006.html"]]], [["Amico schema", ["0017.html"]], ["CETIS Metadata SIG Meeting, London 4 Sept 2003 (fwd)", ["0015.html"]], ["Definitions", ["0047.html", "0046.html"]], ["DRAFT: SIMILE CY2003 What/Why", ["0026.html", "0024.html"]], ["DSpace reference", ["0007.html"]], ["Fwd: 101787 PROGRAM LAUNCHED FOR REPOSITORY OF KNOWN-GOOD FILE DATA", ["0039.html", "0032.html"]], ["fwd: DSpace Installation Training Workshop. Final Reminder", ["0022.html"]], ["FYI: Australian Learning Objects Repository Project", ["0006.html"]], ["Hierarchical Databases", ["0016.html", "0008.html"]], ["IMS examples", ["0043.html"]], ["Leeber", ["0033.html", "0031.html"]], ["Minutes from PI call 15 August 2003", ["0030.html"]], ["Modelling VRA core", ["0035.html", "0029.html"]], ["More on IMS", ["0045.html", "0044.html"]], ["No SIMILE Call Today", ["0049.html", "0048.html"]], ["notes from meeting between MacKenzie Smith and Mark Butler, 25th July 2003", ["0034.html"]], ["OCLC links, learning objects links", ["0038.html"]], ["Problems with the AMICO rdf files / schema", ["0021.html", "0020.html", "0019.html"]], ["Proposed SIMILE CY2003 milestones / interface points", ["0027.html", "0025.html"]], ["regrets for todays meeting", ["0041.html"]], ["SIM ILE PI phone conference, 08-Aug-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0018.html", "0010.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 01-August-2003 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 08-Aug-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0009.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 15-Aug-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0028.html", "0023.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 22-Aug-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0040.html"]], ["Sources for metadata", ["0042.html"]], ["Staged demonstrators", ["0005.html"]], ["Test corpus imported", ["0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html"]], ["Visual reference for IMS RDF binding", ["0037.html"]], ["VRA Core Schema", ["0036.html"]]], [["'In Practice, Good Practice: the Future of Open Archives' - The 4th Open Archives Forum Workshop, 4-5 September 2003, Bath UK.", ["0024.html"]], ["Fetching RDF Data Objects", ["0023.html"]], ["Learning Object Usecase", ["0005.html", "0004.html"]], ["Metadata creation & quality assurance paper: final ALT-C version", ["0016.html"]], ["Minutes from meeting 18th July 2003", ["0028.html"]], ["Minutes from meeting 18th July 2003 --> different views 'section'", ["0029.html"]], ["minutes from Wednesday Morning meeting, SIMILE f2f", ["0034.html"]], ["NKOS workshop", ["0035.html"]], ["No SIMILE Investigators call today, confirming next week and PI o ne on ones", ["0019.html"]], ["Plenary Logistics, for today's call", ["0031.html", "0030.html", "0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["Plenary notes, writeup?", ["0036.html"]], ["Proposed new structure for SIMILE [Relevant] Technologies doc umen t", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["Proposed new validation section", ["0003.html"]], ["Proposed text for provenance section", ["0022.html", "0018.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["Proposed text for section on application profiles", ["0020.html", "0017.html", "0006.html", "0002.html"]], ["Schema mapping...", ["0033.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conf: 18 Jul 2003 1200 EDT/1700 BST/1000MST", ["0025.html"]], ["Staged demonstrators", ["0039.html"]], ["TED, Authentic etc", ["0038.html", "0037.html"]], ["Update on SIMILE: John Gilbert", ["0008.html"]], ["Updated relevant tech doc", ["0021.html"]], ["VRA Reference (incl. examples)", ["0032.html"]]], [["AGENDA for CNRI Visit (Thursday, 12 June)", ["0029.html"]], ["Archiving Call for Paper", ["0006.html"]], ["CIDOC, alternative to Harmony", ["0111.html", "0088.html", "0013.html", "0012.html"]], ["CNRI TALK (Access to One Cambridge Cneter)", ["0030.html"]], ["Comments on DSpace History System: RDF Schema Design", ["0032.html", "0011.html", "0010.html"]], ["Comments on Motivating problems", ["0064.html", "0056.html", "0055.html", "0054.html", "0053.html", "0052.html", "0051.html", "0050.html"]], ["DESIRE Project", ["0084.html", "0081.html", "0076.html", "0075.html"]], ["DOI (was: SIMILE PI Call, 27-July-2003, 1200 EST / 1700 BST)", ["0123.html"]], ["DSpace History Design phone conference, 4-Jun-03 1000 EDT/1500 BST", ["0009.html"]], ["ebXML Registry and SIMILE project?", ["0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html", "0080.html"]], ["Faceted Search Interface", ["0067.html", "0065.html", "0062.html", "0061.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Fetching RDF Data Objects", ["0047.html"]], ["Follow-up History Design call", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Fwd: Thesauri & Taxonomies: an international conference and workshop", ["0073.html"]], ["haystack release", ["0020.html"]], ["IRC log : phone call of 2003-June-04", ["0014.html"]], ["Leeber", ["0039.html"]], ["Lifecycle Management of Digital Objects", ["0071.html"]], ["metadata processing", ["0066.html", "0063.html"]], ["Minutes / IRC log. SIMILE Telecon 30 May 2003", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["OCLC: RDF-DC Interoperability Testbed Project", ["0044.html", "0043.html", "0037.html", "0034.html", "0026.html"]], ["PI meeting tomorrow", ["0105.html"]], ["Proposed Agenda SIMILE Plenary, 23 & 24 July 2003", ["0046.html"]], ["Proposed new structure for SIMILE [Relevant] Technologies documen t", ["0118.html"]], ["Provenance for section 3 in technologies.tex", ["0121.html", "0114.html", "0113.html", "0112.html", "0109.html", "0107.html", "0106.html", "0104.html", "0103.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0098.html", "0097.html", "0096.html", "0094.html", "0093.html", "0092.html", "0091.html", "0090.html", "0089.html"]], ["Red Hat on Versioning Structured Content", ["0031.html"]], ["Relationship between content and metadata", ["0108.html", "0102.html", "0099.html", "0095.html"]], ["Relevant Technologies Document: Application Profiles", ["0116.html", "0083.html", "0082.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0074.html"]], ["Revising Use Cases and mapping to prototypes", ["0070.html"]], ["Revising Use Cases: Generic heterogeneous schema and instance dat a support", ["0072.html", "0068.html"]], ["Sample schema extension models", ["0023.html", "0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html", "0018.html", "0017.html", "0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["SIMILE Investigators Call, 06 June 12-1pm Eastern", ["0024.html"]], ["SIMILE PI call IRC log", ["0025.html"]], ["SIMILE PI Call, 27-July-2003, 1200 EST / 1700 BST", ["0124.html", "0122.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0117.html", "0115.html", "0110.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 13 June 2003 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0048.html", "0045.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 20 June 2003 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0069.html"]], ["Splitting up research drivers document", ["0049.html"]], ["TALK ANNOUNCEMENT (CNRI Visits HPLabs 12 June)", ["0028.html"]], ["TALK: Mitchell Kapor: Innovating in Open Source: A new Personal Information Manager", ["0033.html"]], ["The LEEBER RDF editing", ["0042.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0036.html", "0035.html"]], ["Usage of RDF and OODBs in Chandler", ["0038.html"]], ["WebChoir and related products", ["0027.html"]]], [["[Participants] SIMILE and DSpace materials available", ["0127.html"]], ["A request from the editor", ["0055.html"]], ["Comments on \"Dspace History System: Descriptive Note\" of 2003/May /14", ["0051.html"]], ["Comments on Dspace History System: Descriptive Note (1 May 2003)", ["0009.html"]], ["Comments on history system descriptive note", ["0045.html", "0044.html", "0043.html", "0040.html", "0038.html", "0037.html", "0022.html", "0017.html", "0013.html", "0011.html"]], ["Comments on Section 3", ["0054.html"]], ["David Karger's issue on inferencing search", ["0070.html", "0056.html"]], ["Descriptive Note, Draft 2 (14 May 2003)", ["0050.html"]], ["document references (was Representing distinct item states)", ["0076.html", "0071.html"]], ["DSpace history system, 25-Apr-03", ["0031.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["DSpace History System: RDF Schema Design", ["0133.html", "0132.html", "0129.html"]], ["early draft note, DSpa ce H istory System", ["0012.html", "0007.html"]], ["early draft note, DSpa ce History System", ["0008.html"]], ["early draft note, DSpace H istory System", ["0030.html", "0010.html", "0006.html"]], ["Eric's comments on formatting", ["0028.html"]], ["fwd: A UML Presentation Syntax for OWL Lite", ["0020.html"]], ["Handles and PURLs", ["0102.html", "0095.html", "0093.html", "0085.html", "0084.html", "0083.html"]], ["hdl: / web metadata demo gateway service", ["0021.html"]], ["History System Design Document (Initial Draft)", ["0125.html", "0114.html"]], ["History System Use Cases (was: Use of www-rdf-dspace for comments blah-blah)", ["0015.html"]], ["IRC Log / SIMILE Investigators Call Content 05.23.2003", ["0113.html"]], ["Issue 10 - Annotation Use Case", ["0079.html"]], ["issue 16: security, policy and ownership of distributed resource s", ["0104.html", "0090.html"]], ["Issue 3 - Trust Mechanisms in OCLC Autho rity Control Service", ["0126.html", "0124.html"]], ["Issue 3 - Trust Mechanisms in OCLC Authority Control Service", ["0123.html", "0122.html", "0120.html", "0119.html", "0115.html", "0078.html"]], ["Issue 61: Why is metadata annotation a special case?", ["0112.html", "0106.html", "0105.html", "0097.html", "0094.html", "0091.html"]], ["issue 71: research funnel diagram is confusing", ["0092.html", "0089.html"]], ["Jason Kinner Call, Thursday 08 May 9am Eastern", ["0014.html"]], ["Last Call for DSpace History System Descriptive Note", ["0081.html", "0077.html", "0075.html"]], ["Minutes / IRC log. SIMILE Telecon 30 May 2003", ["0135.html"]], ["Minutes from 16th of May call", ["0068.html", "0067.html", "0065.html"]], ["More History comments", ["0116.html", "0111.html", "0108.html", "0107.html", "0103.html", "0101.html", "0100.html", "0098.html", "0096.html", "0088.html"]], ["OCLC Authority Control Service", ["0027.html"]], ["Open Items from SIMILE/History System Call Today", ["0035.html", "0032.html", "0029.html", "0023.html"]], ["Original History Implementation Considerations", ["0110.html", "0099.html"]], ["Processing Models and serialisation syntaxes", ["0049.html"]], ["Progress on Prototype Strawman document", ["0061.html"]], ["Properties that change meaning depending on context", ["0134.html"]], ["Proposed date for CNRI labs visit...", ["0087.html", "0086.html", "0080.html"]], ["Proposed SIMILE IRC Channel", ["0016.html"]], ["Query about the OCW Metadata", ["0019.html", "0018.html"]], ["Red Hat on Versioning Structured Content", ["0131.html", "0130.html"]], ["Reminder: SIMILE PI phone conference, 23-May-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0109.html"]], ["Representing distinct item states", ["0121.html", "0118.html", "0117.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0069.html", "0066.html", "0064.html", "0063.html", "0062.html", "0060.html", "0059.html", "0058.html", "0057.html"]], ["Request for Comments: DSpace History System Descriptive Note *dra ft*", ["0047.html"]], ["SIMILE Call, 16 May 2003, 1:00pm", ["0053.html", "0052.html"]], ["SIMILE Call, 1pm Eastern today", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["SIMILE Investigators Call, 09 May 1-2 pm Eastern", ["0042.html", "0041.html"]], ["SIMILE IRC log : 2003-05-09", ["0048.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 23-May-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0082.html"]], ["SIMILE PI phone conference, 30-May-03 1200 EDT/1700 BST", ["0128.html"]], ["Some remaining questions about the use case document", ["0046.html", "0036.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0026.html", "0025.html", "0024.html"]], ["Working with RDF", ["0039.html"]]], [["Acceptance of proposal for OSCOM 3 Conference", ["0015.html"]], ["Comments on Authority Control Scenario", ["0068.html"]], ["Comments on section 2", ["0065.html"]], ["Comments on Section 3", ["0083.html", "0082.html", "0081.html", "0080.html", "0079.html", "0078.html", "0077.html", "0076.html", "0075.html", "0074.html", "0073.html", "0072.html", "0066.html"]], ["Documents for today's call", ["0018.html"]], ["EPrints, DSpace or ESpace?", ["0071.html"]], ["Fwd: [diglib] Thesaurus press release", ["0007.html"]], ["Holidays, no Quorum for Friday SIMILE Call.", ["0084.html"]], ["Issue 23", ["0026.html"]], ["Issue 56, Research Drivers assigned to Rob Tansley", ["0094.html", "0089.html"]], ["Issue 60, Research Drivers Document", ["0092.html", "0088.html"]], ["Latex template for research reports?", ["0067.html", "0064.html"]], ["Minutes from PI meeting 9th April", ["0069.html"]], ["NISO MetaSearch project (was: [diglib] Thesaurus press release)", ["0031.html"]], ["No SIMILE conference call today", ["0070.html"]], ["notes on use cases", ["0044.html", "0041.html", "0040.html", "0037.html", "0030.html", "0025.html", "0024.html", "0022.html", "0016.html", "0013.html"]], ["Partial minutes from 9-Apr-03 SIMILE meet", ["0061.html"]], ["Policies & SIMILE Research Drivers...", ["0020.html"]], ["Research Drivers Issue 57 assigned to MacKenzie Smith", ["0093.html", "0090.html"]], ["Research Drivers Issue 58 assigned to MacKenzie Smith", ["0095.html", "0091.html"]], ["review of Research Drivers document", ["0052.html", "0019.html"]], ["search feature", ["0063.html", "0062.html"]], ["SIMILE Call 4th April 2003", ["0017.html", "0009.html"]], ["SIMILE clients (was: SIMILE Research Drivers)", ["0057.html", "0055.html", "0046.html", "0042.html"]], ["SIMILE document hosting", ["0002.html", "0001.html", "0000.html"]], ["SIMILE Minutes April 04th Call", ["0021.html"]], ["SIMILE PI call today, 1300 EDT", ["0087.html", "0086.html", "0085.html"]], ["SIMILE Research Drivers", ["0054.html", "0053.html", "0051.html", "0050.html", "0049.html", "0048.html", "0047.html", "0045.html", "0043.html", "0039.html", "0038.html", "0036.html", "0035.html", "0034.html", "0033.html", "0032.html", "0029.html", "0028.html", "0027.html", "0023.html", "0014.html"]], ["Strawman SIMILE Prototype/Demonstrator Document Available", ["0006.html"]], ["type & format", ["0060.html", "0059.html"]], ["UPDATED AGENDA: today's SIMILE Face to Face. 9 April 2003, 12-6 Eastern", ["0056.html"]], ["UPDATED AGENDA: today's SIMILE Face to Face. 9 April 2003, 12-6 Eastern)", ["0058.html"]], ["W3C alternatives for SIMILE web and cvs hosting", ["0012.html", "0011.html", "0010.html", "0008.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]]], [["3 forthcoming talks on open access through institutional self-archiving", ["0009.html"]], ["DSpace at NLM", ["0002.html"]], ["Mapping between different knowledge sources", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html"]], ["Minutes from PI meeting 21-Mar-2003", ["0006.html"]], ["Partial minutes from PI call 28 March 2003", ["0012.html"]], ["Policies & SIMILE Research Drivers...", ["0013.html"]], ["SIMILE Call 1-2pm Eastern Friday March 14)", ["0016.html", "0015.html"]], ["SIMILE document hosting", ["0014.html"]], ["SIMILE Research Drivers v0.24 available", ["0011.html"]], ["Virtual International Authority File", ["0010.html"]], ["Virtual International Authority File project", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Issues from Simile Discussion Today", ["0000.html"]], ["Request for Proposals: Third Open Source Content Management Confe rence", ["0001.html"]]], [["D-swap", ["0000.html"]], ["Fine-grained representations", ["0002.html"]], ["Fwd: Welcome Back, Rob Tansley", ["0003.html", "0001.html"]]], [["dspace in CNET", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Jena database performance", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["2002-07-26 SIMILE PI Telephone Conference Minutes", ["0006.html"]], ["2002-08-14 SIMILE PI Meeting Minutes", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["citation RDF", ["0000.html"]], ["DSpace RDF History Description", ["0007.html"]], ["initial structural analysis of DSpace RDF History data", ["0009.html"]], ["Jena database performance", ["0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html", "0001.html"]]], [["[dquan@mit.edu: jena evaluation]]", ["0008.html", "0005.html"]], ["Jena database performance", ["0002.html"]], ["Jena in Haystack", ["0016.html", "0014.html", "0013.html", "0012.html", "0006.html", "0004.html"]], ["Jena in Haystack]", ["0011.html", "0010.html", "0009.html"]], ["meeting notes and outcomes, 11 July 2002", ["0017.html", "0007.html", "0003.html"]], ["OAIS reference", ["0001.html"]], ["re-purposing www-rdf-dspace@w3.org to SIMILE research project", ["0015.html"]], ["web architecture and mime types", ["0000.html"]]], [["ARL/SPARC/CNI workshop on institutional repositories (fwd)", ["0000.html"]], ["\u8d85\u503c\u96d9\u7d44\u5408=\u99ed\u5ba2\u6280\u8853\u52a0\u65b0\u540d\u55ae 7NmYxm80ecVAgcJk", ["0001.html"]]], [["Trusted Digital Repositories: Attributes and Responsibilities - Final Report Available (fwd)", ["0000.html"]]], [["some more RDF thoughts", ["0008.html", "0007.html", "0006.html", "0005.html", "0004.html", "0003.html", "0002.html"]], ["Thoughts on automatic RDF generation for DSpace", ["0001.html", "0000.html"]]], [["Announce: mail list for RDF and digital libraries", ["0004.html"]], ["Automatically inferring schemata", ["0027.html", "0026.html"]], ["DSpace container architectuer discussion", ["0011.html", "0008.html", "0006.html", "0005.html"]], ["DSpace container architectuer discussion [2]", ["0017.html"]], ["Note: DSpace and RDF", ["0003.html", "0002.html", "0000.html"]], ["Pre-reading for 05/24 RDFI phone conference", ["0022.html", "0021.html", "0019.html"]], ["Pre-reading for 05/24 RDFI phone conference [2]", ["0020.html"]], ["Questions about www-rdf-dspace usage", ["0001.html"]], ["RDF from RDBMS", ["0024.html"]], ["RDF, OAI, and application within Libraries", ["0018.html", "0015.html", "0014.html", "0012.html", "0009.html", "0007.html"]], ["RDF, OAI, and application within Libraries [2]", ["0013.html", "0010.html"]], ["RDF, OAI, and application within Libraries [4]", ["0016.html"]], ["Summarized outcomes from 24 May DSpace discussion", ["0025.html", "0023.html"]]], [["[Moderator Action] Test Post: Apr-30 #1", ["0000.html"]]], [["Oct 11 2000 meeting minutes", ["0002.html"]], ["test", ["0001.html"]], ["www-rdf-dspace@w3.org", ["0000.html"]]]]